The Large Circuit Assembly Line is use to create high tier circuit.
The Processing Array combines up to 16 single block machines in a single multiblock, effectively easing automation.
The Volcanus is built as EBF. It consume 40L of Pyrotheum per sec and it is 3x faster.
The large bending and forming is 6x faster on the same voltage,  Processes 4 items per voltage tier difference.
The multi use is 3.5x faster on the same voltage, has 80%% EUt discount  and Processes 2 items per voltage tier difference.
The washing plant is 5x faster on the same voltage and Processes 4 items per voltage tier difference.
The GA Distillation Tower is a multiblock structure consisting of 2-12 layers. It's used for distilling fluids, but unlike the Distillery, gives you multiple outputs per input, including item outputs. Every layer has a different output.
The Fusion Reactor Mark 1 is a large multiblock structure used for fusing elements into heavier ones. The Mark 1 Fusion Reactor can use LuV, ZPM or UV Energy Hatches. For every Hatch it has its buffer increases by 100k.
The Fusion Reactor Mark 2 is a large multiblock structure used for fusing elements into heavier ones. The Mark 2 Fusion Reactor can use ZPM or UV Energy Hatches. For every Hatch it has its buffer increases by 200k.
The Fusion Reactor Mark 3 is a large multiblock structure used for fusing elements into heavier ones. The Mark 3 Fusion Reactor can only use UV Energy Hatches. For every Hatch it has its buffer increases by 400k.
The Nuclear Reactor and the Nuclear Breeder Reactor use Nuclear Power to generate Hot Coolant.
Coolant is fluid and can be Steam(150C), Deuterium(450C), Sodium(800C), Sodium Potassium Alloy(900C), FLiNaK(1800C), FLiBe(1700C) and Lead Bismuth Eutatic(1900C).
The Nuclear Reactor will drain all coolant store in Hatches and 1 Bucket of Coolant decrease Temperature by 1C.
The fluid output can be coolant if the temperature of the core is lesser than coolant temperature and hot coolant otherwise (can be both if too much coolant is added)