General Options
Gameplay
Global Options
Server Options
Client Only
Block
These options are general options that don't fit any other category.
These options affect the gameplay while using the mod.
These options affect both servers and clients that load the mod.
These options affect only the server that loads the mod.
These options affect only the client that loads the mod.\nIf you are looking for keybinds, look for them in ichunutil_keybinds.cfg.
These options affect the blocks in the mod.
Key Binds
If you're reading this in the config file, I would strongly recommend changing the keybinds in-game.\niChunUtil uses custom keybinds. Go to the controls/keybinds page and click on the bottom right corner.\n\nIf you really have to edit the config file, the format is <key code>, and append either ":SHIFT", ":CTRL", or ":ALT" for keys you want to hold down at the same time.\nFor key codes go to: http://minecraft.gamepedia.com/Key_codes \nExample: 48:SHIFT:ALT will bind to the B key when you hold Shift and Alt (On a QWERTY keyboard).
These key binds allow a combination of Shift/Ctrl/Alt
Try holding those down when setting a key bind
If you want to bind Shift/Ctrl/Alt, hold them for 3 seconds. Last key held will be bound.
Enable Stencils?
Enable Latched Renderer Spawn?
Set this to 0 if you're crashing when the game launches because you do not have stencils enabled.
Set this to 0 if you find that iChunUtil is spawning a lot of these entities and is causing lag. Might affect some of my mods. I've not been able to pinpoint the issue, mind, but if you are not having any memory issues ignore this setting.
Compact Porkchop Block
Configs for the compact porkchop block module in iChunUtil.
Allow Compact Raw Porkchop?
Enable the Compact Raw Porkchop block recipe?
EULA
EULA settings.
EULA acknowledged
String to say that you've acknowledged the EULA\nIf this config is for a server, set it to true.
Patreon
Patreon related configs.
Show Patron Reward
Patron Reward Type
Do you want to show your patron reward to other players?
Update Checker
These configs are for the mod version update checker for iChun's mods.
Update Notification Types
Update Notification Frequency
Update Notification Save
Don't change this.
Head Model Tracking
Head Model Tracking related configs.\nUsed by Googly Eyes and eventually Hats.
Aggressive Head Tracking
Enable Horse/Llama Easter Egg?
Enable the easter egg where the horse/llama's "head" is its behind. This is an easter egg on how Hats puts hats on Horses.
World Portals
World Portals related configs.
Maximum Recursion
Stencil Value
Render Distance (Chunks)
Max Renders Per Frame
Maximum recursion for World Portals. Set to 0 to disable World Portal render.\n\nWarning! The higher this is, the more recursion, the more FPS loss!
Stencils use a specific value to see if the render is ours or not. \n\nIf you're having rendering issues and changing this doesn't help, there might be a conflicting mod. Find out which mod that is and inform both that mod's author and me (iChun).
Sets the render distance of each world portal (by chunk) if it's not overridden by the world portal.\n\nSetting to 0 binds to MC's default game settings.
Max World Portal Renders per frame.\nThis will limit the number of renders a tick despite your maxRecursion setting.\nThis is here in hopes that your FPS doesn't tank if you happen to be at the wrong place in the wrong place.
New Mod Update Available!
Options
Some changes require a client restart or a server reconnect
Set Key Bind
Setting key... Holding SHIFT/CTRL/ALT are optional
Set String Array
Set Integer Array
Set Nested Integer Array
iChunUtil Key Binds - Click Here
By using iChunUtil you therefore agree to the EULA of the mod. It may be found in the jar file of the mod. The latest version will be available on iChun's website or on GitHub.
You can disable this console message by going to the iChunUtil config and setting the "eulaAcknowledged" config to "true" (no quotes).
By using iChunUtil
you agree to its EULA
Minimize
Expand
OK
Cancel
Clear
Alert!
Save As
File Name
Overwrite?
File already exists! Confirm overwrite?
Failed to save file.
Compact Raw Porkchop
Block Entity