Energy: %s / %s
Apple Juice
Notch Apple Juice
Mixed Potion
Profile: %s
Bedrock-Alloy
Bedrock Axe
Bedrock Boots
Bedrock Chestplate
Bedrock Dust
Bedrock Helmet
Bedrock Hoe
Bedrock Leggings
Bedrock Pickaxe
Bedrock Shovel
Bedrock Sword
Deeprock
Failed Potion
High Energy Crystal
Origin Pearl
Redrock
BedrockCraft
The Origin-Infuser is working. %s left for next pearl.
IV
V
Invalid Redrock
Wireless-Redstone id: %s
Advanced Brewery
Bedrock-Anvil
Bedrock-Breaker
High Energy Generator
Origin-Infuser
Redrock Receiver
Redrock Sender
Bedrock-Pumpkin
The Bedrock would be too far away from the voidic powers
Enderman Protection
Bedrock Golem
Bedrock Rose
%s was killed by voidic powers creeping around.
Ender-Rift
Empty-Rift
Contains %s of %s destructive energy
Any Helmet
Any Chestplate
Any Leggings
Any Boots
Any Sword
Any Axe
Any Pickaxe
Any Shovel
Any Hoe
The next bedrock is available in %s seconds
The kiln is idle
The kiln was built invalid
Origin Fire
Origin Flint and Steel
Bedrock-Kiln
Diorite-Pedestal
Bedrock-Ritual
It seems like there's a dimensional barrier between you and your destination
Unbound Pearl
Advanced Ender Pearl
Void-Ore
Void-Beacon
Black Totem
Void Ingot
Bedrock-Materials
Immortality Ring
Void-Tool
Shape: SWORD
Shape: AXE
Shape: PICKAXE
Shape: SHOVEL
Shape: HOE
Modifier: DAMAGE
Modifier: DIG AOE
Modifier: SPEED
Focus: ARROW
Focus: LIGHTNING
Focus: WITHER
Toolsforge
Material Cost: %s
This beacon seems to have powers forbidden in this world...
Origin Fragment
Bedrock-Information
Bedrock-Dust Infusion
Unique Pair
Place a bedrock above an activated beacon leaving a space of 1 block in between. Now bring the beacon into an explosion. Stand back, it's crushing with a big BOOM unless stabilized. (See Bedrock Rose)
Place the Empty Rift on top of the Bedrock-Well in the End while the Ender-Dragon is still alive and no Ender-Crystals have been destroyed. It will then charge up.
Right-Click a Void-Beacon in the overworld to get a GUI where you can produce powerful tools. You can put components, enchanted books and void ingots in to create a very unique tool.
If you jump out of the world holding this strange totem, you can pass the void and discover a new world. IMPORTANT: Bring 12 ender-eyes because you'll need to find an end-portal in that world to leave it.
Under the top bedrock layer there are many void ores. They can be mined with a diamon pickaxe but it'll take very long. The void beacons are found on top of huge bedrock pillars. They can also be mined with a diamon pickaxe.
Place the breaker on top of a bedrock. Itll need a fairly big amount of energy to break the bedrock and drop on it's top.
By building a structure with that block you may create bedrock without having to use the breaker all the time. But it'll end up in an explosion if not stabilized. (See Bedrock Rose)
The generator takes ender-pearls and origin-pearls to create a huge amount of energy for one minute. But as it's not capable of saving that energy everything that is not used will disappear. It produces FE and EU (Insane Voltage)
You can spawn a bedrock-golem. It's the only way to obtain some bedrock roses. But remember: You can only damage it with a bedrock pickaxe.
Sometimes voidic power is released and things explode. You can stabilize that with four roses around the block and four ender-rifts on top. But if it's built wrong, BOOM. So be careful.