Useful Stuffs
Light Shooter
Light Shooter
Umbrella
Water Filter
Compact Storage Unit
Bento Box
Building Wand
Infinite Building Wand
Building Wizard
Packing Glue
FlipFlop Core
Belt of Floating Lily
Storage Bag
White Berry
Orange Berry
Magenta Berry
Light Blue Berry
Yellow Berry
Lime Berry
Pink Berry
Gray Berry
Light Gray Berry
Cyan Berry
Purple Berry
Blue Berry
Brown Berry
Green Berry
Red Berry
Black Berry
Belt of Fiery Lily
Backpack
Mining Backpack
Water Source
Milk Bag
Milk Bag (Empty)
Milk Bag (Fermented)
Milk Bag (Partially Fermented)
Cheese
Bow of Sunshine
Light Battery
Triangular Prism
Universal Core
Charm of Potato (WIP)
Ring of Stabilizing
Basic Fluid Container
Better Fluid Container
Advanced Fluid Container
Reinforced Fluid Container
Extraordinary Fluid Container
Basic Fluid Container (Place)
Better Fluid Container (Place)
Advanced Fluid Container (Place)
Reinforced Fluid Container (Place)
Extraordinary Fluid Container (Place)
Basic Fluid Container (Fill)
Better Fluid Container (Fill)
Advanced Fluid Container (Fill)
Reinforced Fluid Container (Fill)
Extraordinary Fluid Container (Fill)
Fortress Compass
Light Bulb
Well of Water Fall
Rain Detector
Campfire of Traveller's Wisdom
Unstackable Filing Cabinet
NBT Filing Cabinet
T-FlipFlop
Glued Box
White Berry Bush
Orange Berry Bush
Magenta Berry Bush
Light Blue Berry Bush
Yellow Berry Bush
Lime Berry Bush
Pink Berry Bush
Gray Berry Bush
Light Gray Berry Bush
Cyan Berry Bush
Purple Berry Bush
Blue Berry Bush
Brown Berry Bush
Green Berry Bush
Red Berry Bush
Black Berry Bush
Portal Muffler
Player Detector
Fiery Lily
Milk Fermenter
Universal User
Tank Frame
Stone Pressure Plate (Inverted)
Wooden Pressure Plate (Inverted)
Crafting ingredient
§o<Hold Shift for details>
§lWIP Item/Block
Ammo: %1$s/%2$s
Right click to launch
Shift-Right click to open GUI
Combined with a hopper, automatically load when Light Bulbs being picked up
Draw %s light unit per shot
Using charge from battery has been disabled in config
Automatically fill the %1$sx%2$s area around it
TransferRate: %smB per tick*side
Install to a Well of Water Fall to prevent it from sending water to certain sides of blocks
Shift+Right click to bind a side of the block
Right click on a Well to install
Place logs in the 5x5 area beneath it to boost the effect
Acquire from lighting a log up while sneaking
1080 slots for unstackable items
1080 slots for stacks with NBT
Holds 6 stacks of food
Place blocks from the block player looking at to the player
Put block in offhand to specify blocks to be placed
MaxRange: %s blocks
MaxRange: %1$s blocks, %2$sUnlimited durability
Nothing is in the box
If you get this in the game, report to the author
Block Stored: %s
Cannot pick up unbreakable blocks!
Shift-Right click to pick a block up
The durability cost per operation depends on the block.Try to enchant Frugal on this
Haven't tried Potion of Floating Lily?It makes you float on the water!
Provide extra 27 slots
Press %s to switch between them and your current toolbar
Mute the sound of Nether Portal nearby it
You are too noisy, man
Emits redstone signal when there is a player in the %1$sx%2$sx%3$s area around it
Immune to Fire Damage!
When equipped on head, falling damage is reduced by 30%s
When equipped on bauble slot, press %s to open backpack
This backpack already has another backpack in it !
Just a normal backpack
Automatically collect mining resources
Shift-Right click to open config gui, Equip on bauble slot to make Auto-Pickup work
Ferments the milk in a milk bag into cheese
%s/8 buckets of milk
%s/8 bucket of milk
%s fermented
Put in a Milk Fermenter to make cheese
Shift+Right click to load, Right click to use
Fill this with 2 buckets of water to make this a infinite source
Right click to place, Shift+Right click to fill
Right click to fill
Good to Health!
Fire arrows of light!
Charges itself when exposed to sunlight
Well, moonlight is reflection of sunlight actually
%s/400 light unit
Provides light unit to gadgets that use light
%s/32000 light unit
Charges itself when exposed to sunlight
Do the re-charge thingy in one machine!
Being a couch potato, one can sleep at any time he want.
Stabilize your pose
Work along with Tank Frame, put this inside to form a tank
Work as a big bucket, Shift-Right click to toggle mode
Fluid: %s
Amount: %1$s/%2$s mB
Mode: Place
Mode: Fill
Work along with Fluid Containers, put them inside to form a tank
Right click with a Fluid Container to insert, Shift-Right click with empty hand to take out, or use a pipe
Leads you to the nearest nether fortress
Right click in nether to update the compass
Prevent Well of Water Fall to insert water into a set of specific block's sides.
Shift-Right click a side of a block to bind, and Right click on the well to insert.
Shoots Light Bulbs. Shift-Right click to open the container.
Prefer drawing 250 light unit per shot if there is a light battery in the inventory.
Will automatically put the picked up light bulbs into its container.
Shift-Right click to pick up a block. The durability used depends on the block's properties (hardness, amount of states, isTileEnt). Enchant with Frugal can reduce the durability cost.
Craft with slime balls to refill the durability.
Reduce falling damage when equipped on head.
Makes you float on water like a lily-pad.
Provide 27 extra slots, press Useful Key to switch between them and the hotbar.
Lily belt with fire resistance!
A normal backpack. Press Useful Key to open the container when in Bauble slot.
A mining backpack that will auto-collect mining resources. Press Useful Key to open the container when in Bauble slot.
Shift-Right click to open configuration.
Gathered from milk bag with fermented milk. Very good to your health.
Buffs player inside a range. Place logs in the 5x5 area above it to increase the range. The maximum diameter is 16.
Consumes fuel to work, the bigger the radius, the faster the fuel goes out.
Sneak-Right click a log with a Flint and Steel to craft.
The craft is disabled in config.
Capable of storing 1080 unstackable items, and only capable of storing unstackables.
Capable of storing 1080 stacks that has NBT data, and only capable of storing them.
Transfers water to the surrounding area. Can be filtered with a Water Filter.
Shuts the mouth of the nether portal beside it.
Emit redstone signal if there is a player nearby.
Emit redstone signal if there is a player nearby the area it is facing.
Naturally generated above the lava sea in the nether.
A machine that will simulate actions of a player with the recharge functionality planted in. No more piping in and out.
An alternative food source, can be used in dyes in recipes.
Stores 8 buckets worth of milk inside. Put inside a Milk Fermenter to make cheese. Drinking partially fermented milk is known bad to health.
%sx√buckets ticks
A bow that shoots arrow of light, recharge using the sunlight. The charging speed depends on the position of the sun. Those which are blessed by Artemis seem to be able to recharge using the moonlight.
A battery that stores light, can provide energy to gadgets which use light.
There is a chance that chickens will drop them when falling.
Enabled in UsefulStuffs config.
Makes player able to get on bed even it is not night time. The power of couch potato will make you fall asleep immediately, straight to the start of the next day.
Only works when there is exact one player in the world. (WIP Item)
Remove the mining speed debuff when you are not on the ground.
Work as a big bucket, Shift-Right click to toggle mode.
Work along with Fluid Containers.
Right click a Tank Frame with a Fluid Container or use a pipe to form a tank, Shift-Right click with empty hand to take the Fluid Container out.
Leads you to the nearest nether fortress.
Right click in nether to update the compass.
Milk Fermenter
Forming a Tank
Collecting Cheese
LightBulb
Potion of Floating LilyPad
Splash Potion of Floating LilyPad
Lingering Potion of Floating LilyPad
Li-ly
Arrow of Floating LilyPad
Potion of Fiery LilyPad
Splash Potion of Fiery LilyPad
Lingering Potion of Fiery LilyPad
Fiery Li-ly
Arrow of Fiery LilyPad
Potion of Parachute
Splash Potion of Parachute
Lingering Potion of Parachute
Parachute
Arrow of Parachute
%s Filing Cabinet
Campfire of Traveller's Wisdom
BuffDiameter:%s
Milk Fermenter
Universal User
UsefulStuffs
Useful Key
Frugal
Reduce the durability cost of Packing GLue
Blessing of Artemis
Makes the light-using gadgets able to charge during the night
Fast Draw
Increase the draw speed of bows
Endest
End-er than the Enders. Arrows damage Endermen
Look at yourself. A couch potato.
You can only sleep at night ( %s )