Shovels are used to break looser ground-based blocks, like dirt, sand, and gravel. They can also be used to turn grass into grass paths. A shovel doesn't make for a great weapon, but is still far preferable to using your fists. Shovels are made with a shovel head, a haft, a handle, and optionally an adornment.
Hoes are used to till soil into farmland. They do very little attack damage, but have an attack speed that scales with the quality of their materials. This means that a wooden hoe will be very slow, but an iron hoe adorned with a diamond will be quite fast. Even a diamond-adorned iron hoe will only be as good as your fists, however, because all hoes deal just as much damage as your bare hand, and even that hoe's high speed won't be any faster than your fist. Hoes are made with a hoe head, a haft, a handle, and optionally an adornment.
Hand picks can mine all the same blocks as a pickaxe, but they are slower and less durable than normal pickaxes. They also can't reach blocks quite as far away as a normal pickaxe can. Due to their small size, however, you can be much more precise when mining ores, meaning that hand picks effectively have a Fortune I enchantment built in. This bonus stacks with the Fortune enchantment. As weapons, hand picks are faster than pickaxes, but less damaging. Hand picks are made with a hand pick head, a haft, a handle, and optionally an adornment.
Hammers can mine all the same blocks as a pickaxe, but they are slower, and they break up to nine blocks at a single time. When mining a block with a hammer, all surrounding blocks of the same type will also be mined. Sneaking disables this ability. As weapons, hammers deal incredible damage at a very low speed. Using one on a block will create a small blast that doesn't damage blocks, but does damage and knock back nearby mobs. This ability deals large amounts of damage to the hammer itself, and also has a cooldown. Hammers are made with a hammer head, a haft, a handle, and optionally an adornment.