You always need a stone! Hell, there must be some way to get it automatically, and not just stand with a pickaxe...
You created a special machine - the "Thaumic generator". This mechanism allows you to create a cobblestone in unlimited quantities from nothing and it only takes 1 block. it can be triggered by a red stone signal. It is fantastic!
Stone Extruder
Of course, unlimited cobblestone is good, but it's time to think about something more...
You have improved your "Cobblestone Generator". Now he can create a Stone, Cobblestone or Obsidian to choose from. Obsidian will require the supply of 10 Ignis, 10 Aqua and 10 Terra essences.
Infernal Blast Furnace
Infernal furnace is definitely a good thing. But it seems to you that its temperature and power is not enough. Clusters are not as effective as you would like ...
The blast furnace has such a huge internal temperature that only clusters can emit it. All other items are irretrievably burned, leaving behind only dust. Clusters are remelted with triple efficiency. The attached furs and essence Ignis allow to speed up the work of the furnace.
Shaded Metal
The shadow... There is always a shadow. Shadow is something that can not exist by itself. Or can it?
Can. Filling the gold ore with the essence of Tenebrae, Aurum and Permutatio, you got Shadow ore - too refractory to get metal from it. But not for the Blast Furnace. The resulting metal seems to absorb the surrounding light, enveloping the surrounding space with fog. Whether it's a fog... After preserving its refractoriness even after creating ingots, this metal can not be processed by the usual method. To create tools from the shadow metal you need a matrix. Sensitive to the time of day, these tools night self-refreshing and seem to help you in your work, but at the day...
Further studies of the shadow metal pushed you to the idea that it would be possible to create a good armor from it. Changing the combat taum-armor with the help of shadow metal, you received a Shadow armor - a very serious defense. In the afternoon, it also has the property of self-repair. But it seems to you that its potential is not fully disclosed...