Belt of Light
You are thinking about the fact that if you can create armor, weapons and tools, then why not create a belt? However, the belt consists of leather, not metal ...
It seems that the Primordial Pearl takes off almost all the limitations of matter. Filling the decorated belt with light metal and pearl energy, you created a Belt of Light. When equipping him with boots of light, in the afternoon increases the speed of movement, the height of the jump and gives immunity to the damage from falling. In addition, when wearing a full set (helmet, armor, leggings, boots and belt), you can take off for a short time, using the accumulated energy of light pressing button "C". Also in the daytime you will receive "Damage Resistance 2".
Shaded Belt
Your attempts to create a belt of light metal have not been successful, but you have not despaired. You just need to try another way...
The primordial pearl. Of course. Filling the decorated belt with shady metal and pearl energy, you created the Belt of the Shadow. When equipping him with shade boots, at night increases the speed of movement, the height of the jump and gives immunity to the damage from falling. In addition, when wearing a full set (helmet, armor, leggings, boots and belt), you will be able to teleport for short distances, using the accumulated energy of the shadow pressing button "C". Also at night you will receive "Damage Resistance 2".
Scythes
This age-old problem is grass and leaves. Sometimes there are so many of them that you are wondering whether you are a magician or a gardener? You need a simple and radical solution to this ... trouble.
The scythes are simple and tasteful. When you press the RMB, the scythe strikes wide around and cuts all the leaves, grass and flowers in the area around the place of application, with all the loot on the ground. You will only have to pick it up. In addition, it's still quite a good weapon. Although, unfortunately, a wide swing does not work for the enemies - the braid is quite heavy and stops at the first goal, although it does considerable damage to it.