Melting Snow
Melting Ice
Water Canteen
Feather Fan
Towel
Survival Inc.
%1$s's organs have died desperately searching for a molecule of water
%1$s has standed by their bonfire a little too long
%1$s forgot to pack a bunch of clothing
Creepy Static Noise
Client
Client-Only Settings
Bar Transparency
The transparency of the HUD
HUD Position
The position of the HUD, represented by an expression. The expression can use mathematical symbols, as well as 2 defined variables: $w and $h, representing scaled width and height respectively.
Autumn Foliage Color
The color multiplier applied to each RGB component of the original foliage color during autumn
Heat
Settings regarding Body Heat mechanics
Enable Heat
Determines if the heat mechanics should take part in the game.
Block Scan Range
The maximum distance to detect heat emmiting blocks from
Cave Temperature
The ambient temperature of caves
Distribution Vector
The conductivity distribution vector. Describes how much conductivity each armor piece contributes to the total.
Proximity Scaling
A value indicating the smoothness of radiant heat transition.
Temperature Coefficient
The number used to convert biome temperatures to Survival Inc scale. Commonly used value is the Schoperation's constant (78.0)
Wetness Multiplier
The multiplier applied to the wetness fraction used to calculate heat exchange modifier.
Heat Exchange Factor
How quickly you can heat up when you are in the desert? (units/tick)
Block Heat Map
A list of block registry names and their radiant heat, separated by a single space character.
Armor Conductivity
The conductivity of individual armor materials. Each entry contains name of armor material (enum), and their associated conductivity multiplier.
Fire Duration
When the player passes certain temperature, they catch on fire. Fire duration is the additional time in seconds this fire lasts after returning to normal. Setting this to 0 disables catching on fire, and uses Hyperthermia damage instead.
Condition Damage
The damage applied each "hit" on the player by hypothermia and optionally hyperthermia.
Hydration
Settings regarding Hydration mechanics
Enable Hydration
Determines if the hydration mechanics should take part in the game.
Sip Volume
The amount of hydration recovered with each sip from water puddle
Sweating Multiplier
The multiplier applied to passive drain when the sweating threshold heat is crossed
Sweating Threshold
The minimal amount of heat that causes increased sweating
Passive Drain
The rate at which hydration passively decreases
Sanity
Settings regarding Mental Sanity mechanics
Enable Sanity
Determines if the sanity mechanics should take part in the game.
Wetness Annoyance
The minimal level of wetness that starts to be annoying to the character, thus losing sanity.
Comfort Light Level
The lowest sanity-neutral light level.
Dark Spookiness Base
The rate at which light level of 0 takes your sanity per tick.
Animal Tame Boost
The amount of sanity added by taming an animal
Friendly Mob Bonus
The amount of sanity added each tick by standing near friendly entity
Hostile Mob Modifier
The amount of sanity taken each tick by standing near hostile entity 
Night Time Drain
The amount passively drain during night
Sleep Restoration
The fraction of maximum value of sanity recovered by sleeping
Tamed Multiplier
The multiplier of Friendly Mob Bonus when the entity is also tamed
Hallucination Threshold
The lowest value of sanity beyond which hallucinations may occur.
Food Bonus Map
The map of food items and their respective sanity bonuses. The target item's value is added to the current sanity when the item is consumed.
Wetness
Settings regarding Wetness mechanics
Enable Wetness
Determines if the wetness mechanics should take part in the game.
Minimal Walk Speed
The maximum slowdown debuff that can be applied (fraction of the original speed)
Slowdown Threshold
The percentage of wetness that should start weighing the player down
Sunlight Multiplier
The multiplier applied to passive drying rate when the player is exposed to sunlight
Towel Capacity
The capacity of towel in % of the player's wetness
Towel Dry Rate
The rate at which towels dry when placed on top of operating furnace
Passive Drying Rate
The rate at which wetness passively decreases
Seasons
Settings regarding season behavior
Enable Seasons
Should seasonal mechanics be included in the game?
Durations
Temperatures
The temperature offset of the individual seasons, applied to each biome temperature. Order of values: [WINTER, SPRING, SUMMER, AUTUMN]
Melt Controller
The melting controller to be used. See the wiki for explanation.
Starting Season
The season the player spawns in in a new world.
Starting Day
The day in the season player spawns in in a new world.
Ghost
Ghost related settings
Enable Ghost
Should spawning ghost on death instead of respawn be enabled?