Call of The Void.
Herrscher of The Void inherited the power of Gaia Guardian III , so the basic rules will be same: You can ONLY use items or armors belonging to Vanilla Minecraft, Botania or ExtraBotany. <br>However ,Herrscher of The Void have more powerful and fraustrating abilities.
First, it'll summon a Subspace Lance in the middle, and try to teleport the player into the arena who attacked her outside. The Subspace Lance will damage the player nearby ,and for each can connect with one another, attacking who is standing between them .
When Herrscher of The Void takes damage, she will create a space to greatly slow down players' movement, but this skill has a cooldown. When her health is about 2/3, she will grow a pair of wind and fly, meanwhile using Divine Judge to draw players inside.
Every time when she takes damage, the preparing time for special attack will be shortened. When her health is about 1/3, she will evolve. It will be the most horroring stage. <br> Herrscher of The Void will restore health according to the number of players, and there will be three shields surronding her.
Each shield will reduce the damage she takes, but you can use a SUPERHEAVY attack (means massive damage at one time, above 30) to break it. However, when the shield is broken, she will copy all the potion effects player has. So think twice before you decide to break the shield. <br>If she has three shields, all the projectiles will be reflected.
This will be the hardest challenge. As its reward is the same to Gaia Guardian III, you dont need to force yourself. Just try your best.
Cosmetic Baubles
These are only Cosmetic Baubles, they have no other use except cosmetic.
Feather of JingWei
After equipping Feather of JingWei, player can use mana to shoot Aura Fire with empty hands. The Aura Fire can restore player's absoprtion.
Magic Finger
Right-clicking the mana pool with Magic Finger will extract some mana from you to the pool. Use Magic Finger to hit creatures will make its following 3 seconds' healing reversed.