Baccano!
Holy Grenade
When a Special-made Cocktail is crafted with Popped Chorus Fruit. You make a Holy Grenade! The Holy Grenade will deal massive damage after exploding, giving bad effects to other creatures and giving the good effects to players. <br>A perfect item, but why is it a grenade?
Art is explosion
Shadow Warrior
With the magic of Gilded Mashed Potato, we can use Nightmare Fuel and a Elementium Ingot to make Shadowium. It's a very special kind of material.
And Then There Were None.
With the power of Shadowium, Armour crafted with it will give wearer speed, strength, and night vision when the night comes. A sword made of it also seems to call upon Shadow pixies
Shadow Warrior Helmet
Shadow Warrior Chestplate
Shadow Warrior Leggings
Shadow Warrior Boots
Shadow Katana
Not A Vampire
Livingrock Barrel
A Livingrock Barrel can simply contain 16 buckets of liquid. It will also supply water to the Altar next to it if it has any.
Minecraft is too easy.
Simple
Super Crown
When you are equipping the Starry Idol Armor Set or the Pleiades Combat Maid Armor Set, the Super Crown will reduce damage you take by 2.
You are not Toadette.
Cat Mario
Pure Daisy Pendant
By holding a Pure Daisy Pendant and right-clicking a block, you can instanly transform blocks like a pure daisy, at the cost of a little mana. After 64 uses, it will cool down for 2.5min, and it only cools down when it is equipped.
My beauty is in position.
Now You See Me, Now You Don't
Origin Creation - Omniscience
Origin Creation - The Omniscience relic can simulate some of the Relics by sneak and right-clicking to switch its form. Keeping other forms will cost &4Mana&0.
java.lang.NullPointerException
Spear of Subspace
Using the Spear of Subspace will summon energies from subspace to attack enemies.
Orichalcos Ingot
Core of God
A upgrade to the Flügel tiara, the Core of God alows infinite flight at the cost of &4Mana&0. The Core of God also gives a slight strength boost and provides faster flight than the tiara