Encountered in my dream.
That would be very nice.
I am not afraid of anything anymore.
The Ultimate Hammer is a better version of the Terrasteel Hammer which can be upgraded. Place it in a Livingrock Pedestal and to apply upgrades. Gilded Mashed Potato - Repair Upgrade. Elementium Sword - Sharpness Upgrade. Terrasteel Hammer - Range Upgrade.
There is no regret.
Gilded Potato
The Gilded Potato may have other uses.
There is a miracle, something magical.
Golden Legendary
Failnaught
The Failnaught uses &4Mana&0 to shoot magic arrows which pierce through enemies and deal damage to the creatures in the area. The longer you draw the bow, the more damage it will deal.
A hundred shots, a hundred bullseyes.
ARTIFACT.
Nature Orb
The Nature Orb can store &1Natural Breath&0, a magical power which protects the carrier. To collect &1Natural Breath&0 it needs to be placed on a Livingrock Pedestal and a ritualistic multiblock structure around Livingrock Pedestal is needed. Additionally the Nature Orb grants boosts to certain nearby flowers.
Blessing of Mana will provide you with mana, Blessing of Regeneration will speed up your regeneration and Blessing of Senro will drive away bad effects on you.
Not a Blood Orb.
Rank I Ritual.
Rank II Ritual.
Build a multiblock structure and place it on the Livingrock Pedestal to collect &1Natural Breath&0.
Natural Balance
Shameimaru's Camera
Shameimaru's Camera strips nearby creatures of their abilities. Projectiles in sight will vanish. Creatures affected by this will return to normal after a period of time. The camera can affect boss for a very short period.
Snapshot
Say "cheese"!
Ritual of Gaia III
200,000 Natural breath from a Nature Orb can be used to summon an even more powerful Gaia Guardian. Its great powers and new abilties should be feared.For the Gaia Guardian III fight, you need to learn some new rules. 1. Blocks in the Gaia Guardian arena have to belong to Vanilla Minecraft or Botania or ExtraBotany. Any other blocks will be destroyed! (except if its changed in the config)