2. Equipped armor and weapons have to be from Vanilla Minecraft or Botania or ExtraBotany(except if its changed in the config). Any others will be disarmed and dropped on the ground. 3.During the fight red landmines should be avoided as they will deal massive damage to you.
Natural Selection.
It's HARDCORE
Ritual of Gaia IV
200,000 Natural breath from a Nature Orb can be used to summon an even more powerful Gaia Guardian. Its great powers and new abilties should be feared. All liquid blocks in the arene will be destroyed.
For the Gaia Guardian IV fight, you need to learn some new rules. 1. Blocks in the Gaia Guardian arena have to belong to Vanilla Minecraft or Botania. Any other blocks will be destroyed! (except if its changed in the config) 2. Equipped armor and weapons have to be from Vanilla Minecraft or Botania (except if its changed in the config). Any others will be disarmed and dropped on the ground. During the fight red landmines should be avoided as they will deal massive damage to you.
Natural Selection.
It's HARDCORE
Achilled Shield
The &4Achilled Shield&0 can reflect damage and most projectiles. Colliding with enemies while blocking will deal damage to them. <br> Sneak and right-click with over 12 absorption and you will release its true power. To maintain its new form will cost you 2 absoprtion every second.
I will stop humans
AT Field
Master Band of Mana
The &4Master Band of Mana&0 can store nearly a infinite amount of &4Mana&0.
The Cake is a Lie.
IMPOSSIBLE
Cocoon of Desire
The Cocoon of Desire will slowly evolve the rudimentary contents inside it into a creature. Giving it items via a right click or by simply dropping them on it changes the creature hatching from the Cocoon of Desire.
Block of Coal - Wither Skeleton. Wheat - Pig. Wool - Sheep. More are to be discovered.
Nerf this
Incubator
Pleiades Combat Maid
An improved version of Terrasteel Armor. The wearer will gain the ability of regeneration while wearing a full set of it. It will also clear negative effects and give the wearer super powers when empty-handed.