&6Dream&7 Knowledge
Revolution
Turtle Shell
All Might
Necromancer
Floating
Livingrock Pedestal
You can' use it until you complete corresponding advancement " %s ".
There are more people than there were when the boss is summoned. That's illegal.
You have something that isn't allowed in this boss fight. Check your inventory and tips in the lexicon again.
Mana Reader
Position Reader
Spirit Fuel
Spirit Fragment
Nightmare Fuel
Shadowium
Fried Chicken Leg
Orichalcos Ingot
Gilded Potato
Das Rheingold
Photonium
Challenge Ticket
Gilded Mashed Potato
Manasteel Hammer
Terrasteel Hammer
Elementium Hammer
Ultimate Hammer
Nature Orb
Medal for Heroism
Manasteel Shield
Elementium Shield
Terrasteel Shield
Empty Mana Glass Bottle
Mana Cocktail
Holy Grenade
Special-made Cocktail
Infinite Wine
Manasteel Airship
Elementium Airship
Terrasteel Airship
Excaliber
Origin Creation - Omniscience
Spear of Subspace
Mini Handbag
Core of God
Judah Oath
Judah Oath KIRA
Oath of Sakura
Halloween Candy Eins
Halloween Candy Zwei
Halloween Candy Drei
Halloween Candy Night
Christmas Candy Eins
Christmas Candy Zwei
Christmas Candy Drei
Christmas Garland
Walking Cane
Fox Ear
Mana Lens: Push
Push
Mana Lens: Mana
Mana
Mana Lens: Smelt
Smelt
Mana Lens: Potion
Potion
Mana Lens: Cloud
Cloud
Mana Lens: Track
Track
Mana Lens: SUPERCONDUCTOR
SUPERCONDUCTOR
Bottled Star
Bottled Flame
Bottled Pixie
Call of the Void
Mask
Sims
Jungle Goggles
Diving Goggles
Snow Goggles
Goggles
Black Glasses
Question Mark
Lemon
Thug Life
Magic Finger
Ring of Mana Drive
Feather of JingWei
Silent Eternity
Supply Bag Limited Edition
Tri-Bloodstone
Garden of King's Law
Reward Bag Eins
Reward Bag Zwei
Reward Bag Drei
Reward Bag Vier
Reward Bag 9-3/4
Pandora's Box
Failnaught
Shameimaru's Camera
Achilled Shield
Master Band of Mana
Scathed Music Disc
TobyFox - Death by Glamour
Scathed Music Disc
Salvation
Ring of Frost
Ring of Curse
Ring of Wall-Jump
Ring of Wall-Run
Ring of Parkour
Ring of Elven King
ALL FOR ONE
Pure Daisy Pendant
Super Crown
Red Scarf
Pleiades Combat Maid Headgear
Pleiades Combat Maid Suit
Pleiades Combat Maid Skirt
Pleiades Combat Maid Boots
Starry Idol Headgear
Starry Idol Suit
Starry Idol Skirt
Starry Idol Boots
Pleiades Combat Maid Headgear of Revealing
Starry Idol Headgear of Revealing
Shadow Pleiades Combat Maid Suit
Shadow Warrior Helmet
Shadow Warrior Chestplate
Shadow Warrior Leggings
Shadow Warrior Boots
Shadow Katana
Goblin Slayer Helmet
Goblin Slayer Chestplate
Goblin Slayer Leggings
Goblin Slayer Boots
Super Mana Affinity
Super Power when empty-handed
Greater Regeneration
Mana Affinity
This night is so frightful and boundless. That my eyes come down with gloomy darkness.
But just by them both. I am seeking my rosiness
Shadow Warrior
Goblin Slayer
Starry Idol
Pleiades Combat Maid
Livingrock Pedestal
Block of Orichalcos
Mana Buffer
Cocoon of Desire
Flux Manafield
Mana Liquefaction Device
Livingrock Barrel
Trophy
Fluided Mana
Quantum Mana Buffer
Block of Shadowium
Block of Photonium
Dimension Catalyst
Power Frame
Flower
Gaia Guardian III
Skull Missile
Skull Landmine
Skull Minion
Magic Arrow
Airship
Dark Pixie
Holy Grenade
Sword Domain
Sword Domain
The Void
Lance of Subspace
Spear
Judah Oath
Little Pixie
Bottled Star
The Void
Herrscher of the Void
Lance of Subspace
Forge
Tip:Use the Hammer to forge item
Bloody Enchantress
A bargain forged in blood and shadow
Sunshine Lily
May the light heal and enlighten you
Moonlight Lily
May you find all you have lost
Omniviolet
Need not to know
Stonesia
ONLY THE KING CAN TAKE THE FLOWER FROM THE STONE
Tinkle Flower
My turn
Bell Flower
Lost wind
Gemini Orchid
Why is a raven like a writing desk?
Annoying Flower
Rest time
Stardust Lotus
Undefined Fantastic Object
Manalinkium
Link Summon
Reikar Lily
Game Crash
Enchanted Orchid
I have no time playing games
Edelweiss
Do you want to build a snowman?
Mirrortunia
Mirror,mirror,on the wall
Necrofleur
Necrofleur Petite
The only cure is Dying
The only cure is Dying
Fluided Mana
Fluided Mana
ExtraBotany
Wings: Godness
Wings: Flandre
Wings: Rainbow
Wings: Steampunk
Wings: Jim
Repair Upgrade I
Repair Upgrade II
Repair Upgrade III
Sharpness Upgrade I
Sharpness Upgrade II
Sharpness Upgrade III
Sharpness Upgrade IV
Sharpness Upgrade V
Sharpness Upgrade VI
Sharpness Upgrade VII
Sharpness Upgrade VIII
Sharpness Upgrade IX
Sharpness Upgrade X
Range Upgrade I
X:
Y:
Z:
Dim:
Configuration: 
%s is preparing a SPECIAL attack!
5 seconds left before %s uses his SPECIAL attack!
%s will do massive damage to one random player! Who will be the lucky one ?
%s deals massive damage to you!
The Gaia Guardian summoned its minions. You better kill the minions first ;-)
Natural Breath: 
Blessing of Mana(Deactivated)
Blessing of Mana&b(Activated)
Blessing of Regeneration(Deactivated)
Blessing of Regeneration&4(Activated)
Blessing of Senro(Deactivated)
Blessing of Senro&2(Activated)
You have the chance to get the following items:
This Block has been disabled. Don't craft or use it.
Failed to bind. Check whether the position is right or not, or maybe it's not from the same dimension.
This is, to me, the loveliest and saddest landscape in the world.
It is the same as that on the preceding page, but I have drawn it again to impress it on your memory.
It is here that the little prince appeared on Earth, and disappeared.
Look at it carefully so that you will be sure to recognise it in case you travel some day to the African desert.
And, if you should come upon this spot, please do not hurry on.
Wait for a time, exactly under the star.
Then, if a little man appears who laughs, who has golden hair and who refuses to answer questions, you will know who he is.
If this should happen, please comfort me.
Send me word that he has come back.
You are healed by %s
Thanks %s, he or she healed you
%s helped you to give the boss a punch
%s restricted the movement of boss
%s restricted the ability of boss
%s restricted the ability of boss
%s praised you 
%s admired you 
%s helped you 
%s sheltered you 
%s protected you 
%s helped you 
%s helped you 
%s helped you 
Bloody Enchantress
The Bloody Enchantress creates &4Mana&0 by consuming nearby creatures' life. Creatures sacrificed to the Bloody Enchantress will not produce any drops or experience.
Every bite will add a effect called Blood Temptation and overlay with higher amplifier one, the mana production will decrease according to the level of Blood Temptation, and the flower will stop working if the total level of Blood Temptation of all the creatures nearby is over a threshold.
The only cure is death.
Burning soul
Sunshine Lily
Like the &1Dayblooms&0 the Sunshine Lily produces &4Mana&0 from sunlight, but it is slightly more efficient. Please note that it will still decay.
Heal and heat.
Mana from the sun
Moonlight Lily
Like the &1Nightshade&0 the Moonlight Lily generates &4Mana&0 at night, but it is slightly more efficient. Please note that it will still decay.
Sowing of the fool.
Mana from the moon
Omniviolet
According to a saying, knowledge is power. The Omniviolet converts Books or Written Books into &4Mana&0. To increase the amount of mana generated, Bookshelves can be placed around the Omniviolet in a similar fashion to an Enchantment Table. 
Akashic Records.
Knowledge is power
Stonesia
The Stonesia can convert stone, cobblestone or ores into &4Mana&0. Rarer ores produce more mana. A Livingrock Pedestal nearby with a Nature Orb in it can increase its mana generation efficiency.
Diamond and Pearl.
Rare Value
Tinkle Flower
The Tinkle flower converts kinetic energy of nearby moving players into &4Mana&0. A Livingrock Pedestal nearby with a Nature Orb in it can increase its mana generation efficiency.
Ding dong, here I come to find you.
Rush!Rush!Rush!
Bell Flower
When placed in the open, the Bell Flower creates &4Mana&0 from wind. The higher it is, the more mana it produces. A Livingrock Pedestal nearby with a Nature Orb in it can increase its mana generation efficiency. Since it is a passive flower, it will decay.
Only the storms can knock down the trees.
Mana from wind
Annoying Flower
The Annoying Flower can fish in nearby Livingrock Pedestal filled with water. For that process it will use mana. Feeding Fried Chicken Legs to it will significantly increase the efficiency and the chance of getting treasure.
RK800.
Cooked Chicken can be fried by soaking it in &4Mana&0. Fried Chicken Legs restore more hunger and give saturation.
Neither a angel or a devil
Time to fish.
Manalinkium
The Manalinkium can wirelessly transfer &4Mana&0 to a Mana Pool. Right-clicking it with a Position Reader that has the position of a Mana Pool stored will start the process.
This is too real.
A multiblock structure is needed to function.
The Manalinkium has to be placed one above the empty middle block.
Wireless Transmission
Stardust Lotus
The Stardust Lotus uses &4Mana&0 to create a portal that teleports creatures to a specified location. Right-clicking it with a Position Reader that has a position stored will transfer that position to the Stardust Lotus. Throwing a paper onto the Stardust Lotus starts the portal creation. A circle of sparkles around the flower shows that it is ready.
Better than wolves.
A multiblock structure is needed to function.
The Stardust Lotus has to be placed one above the empty middle block.
Directional Teleport
Reikar Lily
The Reikar Lily turns the tremendous energy of lightning into &4Mana&0. When a lightning bolt hits nearby, it will generate a great amount of &4Mana&0 immediately and continue to produce &4Mana&0 for a long time.
I Choose You!
Lightning Energy
Edelweiss
Edelweiss will swallow the snow golem to produce mana.
If you are reading this, you can read.
A bit cruel
Gemini Orchid
A &1Gemini Orchid&0 is like a thermoelectric generator. If you place a block of lava in the corner diagonally opposite, and then place a block of water in another corner diagonally opposite, it will begin to produce mana. The higher the gap between two blocks' temperatures, the quicker mana will be generated. Since it is a passive flower, it will decay.
I am power incarnate!
Mirrortunia
Mirrortunia will give players around a potion effect called "Mirror Force", and clear bad potion effects. <br> But it can't clear those bad effects which can't be removed with milk bucket.
Enchanted Orchid
The Enchanted Orchid can infuse grass blocks beneath it to create Enchanted Soil. It will need a Black Lotus, a large quantity of &4Mana&0 and a long time for each transformation.
The truth is always one
Knowledge is power and I know a lot
Necrofleur
Necrofleur will only target those non-player creatures with lower than half health. It will spread despair and strike them a heavy blow, reducing the following healings they will receive.
Meteor Strike
I will mourn your death
Mana Buffer
The Mana Buffer can store as much &4Mana&0 as 64 Mana Pools. It will drain &4Mana&0 from adjacent mana pools and supply it to a Mana Pool placed on top of it.
Un...Deux...Trois...
Store Mana
Garden of King's Law
Garden of King's Law can summon flowers which are recorded by it to give the enemy a heavy blow. Just place it on the Livingrock Pedestal, hold a flower and right-click to record. Different flowers will have different effects.
For example, Blood Enchantress will deal high magic damage, Sunshine Lily will set enemies on fire. But not every type of flower can be recorded.
Enuma Elish.
Sha Nagba Imuru.
Ultimate Flower Work
Nightmare Fuel
Nightmare Fuel is an advanced fuel created by Mana Infusion. It seems to be edible.
The brain trembles.
Spirit Fuel
Spirit Fuel is an edible material which is obtained by eating Nightmare Fuel. Holding a Lexica Botania and right-clicking a Livingrock Pedestal with Spirit Fuel in it will unlock new knowledge. If you put the nightmare fuel in the livingrock pedestal and let it shone for 5 minutes, you can also get the Spirit Fuel.
A believing heart is your magic.
Hive mind
Mana Reader
Right-clicking a Mana Pool with the Mana Reader displays the amount of &4Mana&0 stored. 
Rion.
Display Mana
Position Reader
Sneak right-clicking a block with the Position Reader stores its position. Right-clicking a block or flower that can store a position will transfer the stored position onto it.
The greatest inventions of the century
Positional Advantage
Livingrock Pedestal
Right-click to place items on the Livingrock Pedestal. A hammer can be used to forge items on a Livingrock Pedestal.
What is evil? Everything that comes from weakness is evil.
Hidden is a kind of outstanding talent.
Hell is other people.
Nothing is as dangerous as an ignorant friend, better a wise enemy.
Leave all hope, you who enter.
Man is condemned to be free.
Display items
Frost Ring
The &1Frost Ring&0 freezes large areas of water and lava. It also applies slowness creatures looked at by the wearer.
I am the frozen heart of the Scourge!
Freeze, don't move!
Curse Ring
The &1Curse Ring&0 applies the Wither and Unluck effect on creatures looked at by the wearer at the cost of some &4Mana&0.
Do not fear power... fear those who wield it!
The eternal hunt has begun.
Hammer
Hammers are used for forging on Livingrock Pedestals. They can also be used as pickaxes and can use &4Mana&0 instead of durability. If you put a hammer in a dispenser and give a redstone signal, it will automatically forge the item in the Livingrock Pedestal ahead.
Encountered in my dream.
That would be very nice.
I am not afraid of anything anymore.
The Ultimate Hammer is a better version of the Terrasteel Hammer which can be upgraded. Place it in a Livingrock Pedestal and to apply upgrades. Gilded Mashed Potato - Repair Upgrade. Elementium Sword - Sharpness Upgrade. Terrasteel Hammer - Range Upgrade.
There is no regret.
Gilded Potato
The Gilded Potato may have other uses.
There is a miracle, something magical.
Golden Legendary
Failnaught
The Failnaught uses &4Mana&0 to shoot magic arrows which pierce through enemies and deal damage to the creatures in the area. The longer you draw the bow, the more damage it will deal.
A hundred shots, a hundred bullseyes.
ARTIFACT.
Nature Orb
The Nature Orb can store &1Natural Breath&0, a magical power which protects the carrier. To collect &1Natural Breath&0 it needs to be placed on a Livingrock Pedestal and a ritualistic multiblock structure around Livingrock Pedestal is needed. Additionally the Nature Orb grants boosts to certain nearby flowers.
Blessing of Mana will provide you with mana, Blessing of Regeneration will speed up your regeneration and Blessing of Senro will drive away bad effects on you.
Not a Blood Orb.
Rank I Ritual.
Rank II Ritual.
Build a multiblock structure and place it on the Livingrock Pedestal to collect &1Natural Breath&0.
Natural Balance
Shameimaru's Camera
Shameimaru's Camera strips nearby creatures of their abilities. Projectiles in sight will vanish. Creatures affected by this will return to normal after a period of time. The camera can affect boss for a very short period.
Snapshot
Say "cheese"!
Ritual of Gaia III
200,000 Natural breath from a Nature Orb can be used to summon an even more powerful Gaia Guardian. Its great powers and new abilties should be feared.For the Gaia Guardian III fight, you need to learn some new rules. 1. Blocks in the Gaia Guardian arena have to belong to Vanilla Minecraft or Botania or ExtraBotany. Any other blocks will be destroyed! (except if its changed in the config)
2. Equipped armor and weapons have to be from Vanilla Minecraft or Botania or ExtraBotany(except if its changed in the config). Any others will be disarmed and dropped on the ground. 3.During the fight red landmines should be avoided as they will deal massive damage to you.
Natural Selection.
It's HARDCORE
Ritual of Gaia IV
200,000 Natural breath from a Nature Orb can be used to summon an even more powerful Gaia Guardian. Its great powers and new abilties should be feared. All liquid blocks in the arene will be destroyed.
For the Gaia Guardian IV fight, you need to learn some new rules. 1. Blocks in the Gaia Guardian arena have to belong to Vanilla Minecraft or Botania. Any other blocks will be destroyed! (except if its changed in the config) 2. Equipped armor and weapons have to be from Vanilla Minecraft or Botania (except if its changed in the config). Any others will be disarmed and dropped on the ground. During the fight red landmines should be avoided as they will deal massive damage to you.
Natural Selection.
It's HARDCORE
Achilled Shield
The &4Achilled Shield&0 can reflect damage and most projectiles. Colliding with enemies while blocking will deal damage to them. <br> Sneak and right-click with over 12 absorption and you will release its true power. To maintain its new form will cost you 2 absoprtion every second.
I will stop humans
AT Field
Master Band of Mana
The &4Master Band of Mana&0 can store nearly a infinite amount of &4Mana&0.
The Cake is a Lie.
IMPOSSIBLE
Cocoon of Desire
The Cocoon of Desire will slowly evolve the rudimentary contents inside it into a creature. Giving it items via a right click or by simply dropping them on it changes the creature hatching from the Cocoon of Desire.
Block of Coal - Wither Skeleton. Wheat - Pig. Wool - Sheep. More are to be discovered.
Nerf this
Incubator
Pleiades Combat Maid
An improved version of Terrasteel Armor. The wearer will gain the ability of regeneration while wearing a full set of it. It will also clear negative effects and give the wearer super powers when empty-handed.
Pleiades Combat Maid Headgear
Pleiades Combat Maid Suit
Pleiades Combat Maid Skirt
Pleiades Combat Maid Boots
Overlord
Starry Idol
An improved version of Manasteel Armor,it gives the wearer a high mana discount.
Starry Idol Headgear
Starry Idol Suit
Starry Idol Skirt
Starry Idol Boots
Miku Miku Dance
Flux Manafield
By passing &4Forge Energy&0 through a field of natural energy, its state can be transformed from redstone based energy into &4Mana&0.<br>Simply attaching &4FE&0 transporters, will start the conversion from &4FE&0 to &4Mana&0. A Mana Spreader is needed to transfer the &4Mana&0.
Science Bitch!
Converts Energy into Mana
Mana Cocktail
Hold an Empty Mana Glass Bottle and right-click a Mana Liquefaction Device with at least 25mb Fluided Mana or a Mana Pool with enough mana, and you will acquire a tasty drink.
Cheers!
Tasty
Mana Liquefaction Device
Mana Liquefaction Device will drain &4Fluided Mana&0 from liquid tank nearby and transfer into Mana. <br>If giving a redstone signal, it will drain mana, transform it into Fluided Mana and output to nearby liquid tank.
Non-Science
Liquid Mana
Special-made Cocktail
By crafting any flask/vial potion with a Mana Cocktail , you can make a Special-made Cocktail that can be drinked two more times than the original flask/vial and it has a longer effect. <br>Aditionaly very special potions have been added and can be crafted into Cocktails too.
Greatly improve the efficiency of mining, but overdraft your luck
High level of resistance, but slow as turtle.
Gain super strength, but what's the cost?
Almost all positive effects! But wouldn't last long
One can make you floating, may be better if used on enemies?
Infinite Wine
Infinite Wine, that you can drink almost infinitly, it only costs mana to refill. To make one, you just need to combine a Special-made Cocktail with heroes medal.You can change the effects by crafting with other varieties of Special-made Cocktail. <br>Be carefull though, if you drink it all before it can refill, you will lose your relic and get a empty mana glass back, and you can only Restore 3 uses per minecraft day.
Baccano!
Holy Grenade
When a Special-made Cocktail is crafted with Popped Chorus Fruit. You make a Holy Grenade! The Holy Grenade will deal massive damage after exploding, giving bad effects to other creatures and giving the good effects to players. <br>A perfect item, but why is it a grenade?
Art is explosion
Shadow Warrior
With the magic of Gilded Mashed Potato, we can use Nightmare Fuel and a Elementium Ingot to make Shadowium. It's a very special kind of material.
And Then There Were None.
With the power of Shadowium, Armour crafted with it will give wearer speed, strength, and night vision when the night comes. A sword made of it also seems to call upon Shadow pixies
Shadow Warrior Helmet
Shadow Warrior Chestplate
Shadow Warrior Leggings
Shadow Warrior Boots
Shadow Katana
Not A Vampire
Livingrock Barrel
A Livingrock Barrel can simply contain 16 buckets of liquid. It will also supply water to the Altar next to it if it has any.
Minecraft is too easy.
Simple
Super Crown
When you are equipping the Starry Idol Armor Set or the Pleiades Combat Maid Armor Set, the Super Crown will reduce damage you take by 2.
You are not Toadette.
Cat Mario
Pure Daisy Pendant
By holding a Pure Daisy Pendant and right-clicking a block, you can instanly transform blocks like a pure daisy, at the cost of a little mana. After 64 uses, it will cool down for 2.5min, and it only cools down when it is equipped.
My beauty is in position.
Now You See Me, Now You Don't
Origin Creation - Omniscience
Origin Creation - The Omniscience relic can simulate some of the Relics by sneak and right-clicking to switch its form. Keeping other forms will cost &4Mana&0.
java.lang.NullPointerException
Spear of Subspace
Using the Spear of Subspace will summon energies from subspace to attack enemies.
Orichalcos Ingot
Core of God
A upgrade to the Flügel tiara, the Core of God alows infinite flight at the cost of &4Mana&0. The Core of God also gives a slight strength boost and provides faster flight than the tiara
Ring of Parkour
Ring of Wall-Run will enable you to climb any wall you want, and Ring of Wall-Jump enables you to "jump" on the wall at most 5 times until you reach the ground.
While Ring of Parkour combines both.
Ring of Elven King
Ring of Elven King can perform three common baubles' abilities. Just carry a Bauble Case and put the bauble you want in the first three slots. Not all the baubles can be simulated.
Walking Cane
Walking Cane can increase one's speed when he is holding it. What's more, you can right-click to dash a long distance, which costs just a little mana.
ALL FOR ONE
As the upgraded version of Elven King, ALL FOR ONE can perform all the baubles' abilities in the Bauble Case.
Das Rheingold
Das Rheingold can empty the binding of a relic, just crafting the relic with it. If you want to bind the relic to a specific person, hold the Das Rheingold and right-click him, then the crafting will make the relic bind to him.
Challenge Ticket
Challenge Ticket can be used as a one-shot thing to summon Gaia Guardian III. Like how you use gaia ingot to summon Gaia Guardian II.
Goblin Slayer Armor
Photonium is the opposite side of Shadowium.
It can be used to make Goblin Slayer Armor, which powers player during day time, enabling him to regenerate more quickly and deal extra damage to non-undead creatures.
Goblin Slayer Helmet
Goblin Slayer Chestplate
Goblin Slayer Leggings
Goblin Slayer Boots
New Mana Lens
Mana Lens: Push will enable Mana Burst to force the first entity it collide to move with it.
Push
Mana Lens: Smelt is like a furnace, it will enable Mana Burst to smelt the block ti collide.
Smelt
Mana Lens: Mana is like a Mana Pool, it will infuse the item with mana. If you place a Alchemy Catalyst or a Conjuration Catalyst under the spreader, it will do the cocorresponding work.
Mana
Mana Lens: Potion will add potion effects to the entity collided. Craft the lens with the brew flask to decide its effect.
Potion
Mana Lens: Cloud will create a potion cloud when the Mana Burst collide with entity.
Cloud
Mana Lens: Track will enable Mana Burst to locate the first entity within 3 meters and keep tracking until either is dead.
Track
Judah Oath
Use mana to set up Judah Oath, it will imprison the creatures in its range and shoot divine spear to attack them.
Judah Oath
Judah Oath KIRA
Oath of Sakura
Tri-Bloodstone
Bottled Flame
After you equip it, Bottled Flame will automatically consume Torches in your inventory and place it when you are in the dark.
Bottled Flame
Bottled Star
Bottled Star require a little &4Mana&0 to set up and then it will summon a lot of stars to attack the enemies.
Bottled Star
Bottled Pixie
Bottled Star require a little &4Mana&0 to summon a pixie to help you fight. The pixie only attack hostile mobs and it is quite naughty :3
Bottled Pixie
Dimension Catalyst
Dimension Catalyst connects the Overworld with other two dimensions. You can use mana to transform resources from overworld to those from other dimensions.
Dimension Catalyst
ExtraBotany
From The New World
Welcome to the World of the supreme principle of Mana! You are the one who has great potential and I believe you will have a shiny, bright future. I am sure you are hunger for more knowledge. Follow me, I will pass on my knowledge and experience to you.
Hold the lexicon and right-click a Livingrock Pedestal with a Spirit Fuel, and you will unlock the new knowledge type. <br>To obtain Spirit Fuel, you have to eat one Nightmare Fuel or put it in a Livingrock Pedestal under Sun for 5 mins.
The New World
Herrscher of the Void—The Final Combat
After you defeated Gaia Guardian III ,you get the permission to challenge Herrscher of The Void. The medal for heroism has huge energy fluctuation. You need the ancient spirits of light and dark and the power of Ritual of Gaia to stabilize it.
Call of The Void.
Herrscher of The Void inherited the power of Gaia Guardian III , so the basic rules will be same: You can ONLY use items or armors belonging to Vanilla Minecraft, Botania or ExtraBotany. <br>However ,Herrscher of The Void have more powerful and fraustrating abilities.
First, it'll summon a Subspace Lance in the middle, and try to teleport the player into the arena who attacked her outside. The Subspace Lance will damage the player nearby ,and for each can connect with one another, attacking who is standing between them .
When Herrscher of The Void takes damage, she will create a space to greatly slow down players' movement, but this skill has a cooldown. When her health is about 2/3, she will grow a pair of wind and fly, meanwhile using Divine Judge to draw players inside.
Every time when she takes damage, the preparing time for special attack will be shortened. When her health is about 1/3, she will evolve. It will be the most horroring stage. <br> Herrscher of The Void will restore health according to the number of players, and there will be three shields surronding her.
Each shield will reduce the damage she takes, but you can use a SUPERHEAVY attack (means massive damage at one time, above 30) to break it. However, when the shield is broken, she will copy all the potion effects player has. So think twice before you decide to break the shield. <br>If she has three shields, all the projectiles will be reflected.
This will be the hardest challenge. As its reward is the same to Gaia Guardian III, you dont need to force yourself. Just try your best.
Cosmetic Baubles
These are only Cosmetic Baubles, they have no other use except cosmetic.
Feather of JingWei
After equipping Feather of JingWei, player can use mana to shoot Aura Fire with empty hands. The Aura Fire can restore player's absoprtion.
Magic Finger
Right-clicking the mana pool with Magic Finger will extract some mana from you to the pool. Use Magic Finger to hit creatures will make its following 3 seconds' healing reversed.
Ring of Mana Drive
After equipping Ring of Mana Drive, your mana will spread into air, supplying the functional flowers nearby.
Power Frame
Place a mana item in the Power Frame, and the Power Frame will extract mana from the mana pool above and transfer to the mana item. Giving a redstone signal will make the process reverse.
Supply Bag Limited Edition
Supply Bag Limited Edition only has 100 stacks of items, including rare relic Silent Eternity and rare Mana Lens: SUPERCONDUCTOR, meaning that you could obtain all these things with 100 draws. <br>Spare supply bag will become 2 Emeralds.
Silent Eternity is a very powerful relic but hard to use. It has 666 mana storage and when you equip it, it will recover 666 mana every tick. When it is equiped, any normal kind of health recovery is banned, but if you stay still, you will quickly recover your health and be immune to most kind of damage. Any movement will interrupt this behavior. <br> Silent Eternity will also freeze the water and the lava under your feet.
Mana Lens: SUPERCONDUCTOR can make mana transfer become much more efficient, while making the mana beam become really dangerous to players. <br>The mana beam will deal high damage to only players.
Limited Supply
Welcome to the World of the supreme principle of Mana
Waila Support for Mana Pool
Waila Support for Flux Manafield
Waila Support for Mana Buffer
Waila Support for Mana Liquefaction
Enable Flux Manafield
Enable Mana Liquefaction Device
Enable Summoning Gaia Guardian III
Enable Gaia Guardian III to Disarm
Enable Gaia Guardian III to destroy block
Enable The One Probe Support
Enable Gaia Guardian III to release Sword Domain
Enable Monster to hold a Halloween Candy Night when spawning
The chance that monster will hold a Halloween Candy Night when spawning
Enable Construct's Armory Compat
Deep Dark Fantasy
Eat a Nightmare Fuel.(Unbelievable)
Unlock New Knowledge
Hold a Lexicon and right-click a Livingrock Pedestal with a Spirit Fuel in it
CONNECT
Craft a Livingrock Pedestal
PONPONPON
Craft an Ultimate Hammer
Front Lovers
Use a Gilded Mashed Potato to upgrade your Ultimate Hammer
Gears of Love
Forge one item on the Livingrock Pedestal
Satisfaction
Craft a Mana Reader
Letter Song
Craft a Position Reader
Promise
Use a Stardust Lotus to teleport yourself
Crystalline
Bind a Mana Pool to the Manalinkium
Project Diva Desu
Dance around a Tinkle Flower
Sweet Devil
Use a Bloody Enchantress to generate mana
ロストワンの号哭
Craft a Mana Buffer
Last Night, Good Night
Craft a Garden of King's Law
April Fool
The Dog absorbs the artifact
from Y to Y
Craft the Failnaught
lukaluka night fever
Craft a Shameimaru's Camera
KiLLER LADY
Defeat Gaia Guardian III
Single floor
Craft a Nature Orb
WORLD'S END UMBRELLA
Take damage from a red landmine
Mr.Wonder
Obtain Achilled Shield
COLOR
Obtain Master Band of Mana
Fairytale
Fill it to WIN the game
Senbonzakura
Patient Listener
cat's dance
Equip Starry Idol Armor Set
Drug Of Gold
Equip Pleiades Combat Maid Armor Set
Crazy ∞ nighT
Equip Shadow Warrior Armor Set at night
Slowly sky
Drive a Terrasteel Airship at least 200 metres high
shake it
Obtain Infinite Wine
ReAct
Obtain Excaliber
Erase or Zero
Unlock All ExtraBotany's Advancements
Starduster
Obtain Super Rare Item through Reward Bag
SPiCa
Obtain Origin Creation - Omniscience
Nightglow
Obtain Spear of Subspace
Befall
Equip Goblin Slayer Armor Set
Salvation
Defeat Herrscher of The Void
End Day
Challenge the final task — Defeat Herrscher of The Void in 3 minutes!
A Green Hand
Complete 6 extrabotany's advancement and you will be awarded Ring of Mana Drive.
Multiple Happiness
Complete 12 extrabotany's advancement and you will be awarded Magic Finger
Half Elf, Half Human
Complete 18 extrabotany's advancement and you will be awarded Feather of Jingwei
One Punch
Cast an aura fire that deals over 40 damages.
All Hail The Queen
Obtain Core of God.
Rings, Rings, and More Rings
Collect most kinds of the rings.
Inside Out
Collect all kinds of bottles.
Mind Crush
Eternity
Mirror Force
Constant Pain
Black Sabbath
Divine Justice
Blood Temptation
Witch Curse
Green
Reversed Healing
Shadow
§oThe Long Dark！§r\nUses Mana to repair, can also  summon dark pixies when you attack mobs.
Shadowium
Mind
More Effecient
Body
Higher Durability
Soul
Extra 3 Modifiers
Orichalcos