Workbench
Pistol
Shotgun
Sniper Rifle
Grenade Launcher
Bazooka
Minigun
Rifle
Assault Rifle
Machine Pistol
Basic Ammo
Advanced Ammo
Shell
Grenade
Stun Grenade
Missile
Scope (Short)
Scope (Medium)
Scope (Long)
Silencer
MrCrayfish's Gun Mod
%1$s was taken down by %2$s
%1$s was eliminated by %2$s
%1$s was executed by %2$s
%1$s was annihilated by %2$s
%1$s was decimated by %2$s
Damage: %s
Ammo: %s/%s
Infinite Ammo
MrCrayfish's Gun Mod Config
Client
Client-only configs.
Sounds
Control sounds triggered by guns
Play Hit Sound
If true, a ding sound will play when you successfully hit a player with a gun
Display
Configuration for display related options
Workbench Animation
If true, an animation is performed while cycling items in the Workbench
Server
Server-only configs.
Grow Bounding Box
The extra amount to expand an entity's bounding box when checking for projectile collision. Setting this value higher will make it easier to hit players
Enable Head Shots
Enables the check for head shots for players. Projectiles that hit the head of a player will have increased damage.
Head Shot Damage Multiplier
The value to multiply the damage by if projectile hit the players head
Network
Properties relating to network
Projectile Tracking Range
The distance players need to be within to be able to track new projectiles trails. Higher values means you can see projectiles from that start from further away.
Aggro Mobs
Nearby mobs are angered and/or scared by the firing of guns.
Aggro Mobs Enabled
If true, nearby mobs are angered and/or scared by the firing of guns.
Anger Hostile Mobs
If true, in addition to causing peaceful mobs to panic, firing a gun will also cause nearby hostile mobs to target the shooter.
Range Silenced
Any mobs within a sphere of this radius will aggro on the shooter of a silenced gun.
Range Unsilenced
Any mobs within a sphere of this radius will aggro on the shooter of an unsilenced gun.
Exempt Mob Classes
Any mobs of classes with class pathes in this list will not aggro on shooters.
Grenades
Properties relating to missiles.
Explosion Radius
The max distance which the explosion is effective to.
Grenades
Properties relating to grenades.
Explosion Radius
The max distance which the explosion is effective to.
Stun Grenades
Blinding/deafening properties of stun grenades.
Blind
Blinding properties of stun grenades.
Deafen
Deafening properties of stun grenades.
Effect Criteria
Criteria that determines the presence/absence and duration of the blinding effect.
Overlay Alpha
After the duration drops to this many ticks, the transparency of the overlay when blinded will gradually fade to 0 alpha.
Overlay Fade Threshold
Transparency of the overlay when blinded will be this alpha value, before eventually fading to 0 alpha.
Effect Criteria
Criteria that determines the presence/absence and duration of the deafening effect.
Sound Percentage
Volume of most game sounds when deafened will play at this percent, before eventually fading back to %100.
Sound Fade Threshold
After the duration drops to this many ticks, the ringing volume will gradually fade to 0 and other sound volumes will fade back to %100.
Ring Volume
Volume of the ringing sound when deafened will play at this volume, before eventually fading to 0.
Radius
Grenade must be no more than this many meters away to have an effect.
Max Duration
Effect will have this duration (in ticks) if the grenade is directly at the player's eyes while looking directly at it.
Min Duration By Distance
Effect will have this duration (in ticks) if the grenade is the maximum distance from the player's eyes while looking directly at it.
Angle Of Effect
Angle between the eye/looking direction and the eye/grenade direction must be no more than half this many degrees to have an effect.
Max Attenuation By Angle
After duration is attenuated by distance, it will be further attenuated depending on the angle (in degrees) between the eye/looking direction and the eye/grenade direction. This is done by multiplying it by 1 (no attenuation) if the angle is 0; and by this value if the angle is the maximum within the angle of effect.
Raytrace Opaque Blocks
If true, the effect is only applied if the line between the eyes and the grenade does not intersect any non-liquid blocks with an opacity greater than 0.
Projectile Spread
Properties relating to projectile spread
Spread Threshold
The amount of time in milliseconds before logic to apply spread is skipped. The value indicates a reasonable amount of time before a weapon is considered stable again.
Max Count
The amount of times a player has too shoot within the spread threshold before the maximum amount of spread is applied. Setting the value higher means it will take longer for the spread to be applied.
MrCrayfish's Gun Mod
Aim
Reload
Unload
Blinded
Deafened
Stun grenade explosion
Ringing
Gunfire
Silenced gunfire
Reloading