Kill the Scale Boss
Kill the Thunderbird Boss
Kill the Logger Boss
Kill the Sentry King Boss
Kill the Terranian Protector Boss
Kill the Sky Stalker Boss
Phoenix
Shiverwing
Goldwing
Roc
Woodpecker
Cloud Flyer
Current version: %s
Unable to get latest version. Check your internet connection.
Your version is up to date!
Update is available! Latest version: %s
You can get it %s!
here
Follow %s on twitter for update teasers.
Please, contact with the authors of %s to fix this issue
Not enough space for boss to spawn
Cannot be called upon unless in the %s dimension.
You're playing with hot fire. It's not too late to turn back...
It sucked all the energy out of this world, don't let it suck the energy out of you...
The purple flying fish monster is not happy...
You will regret this mistake for the rest of your life - if you'll still have one, that is...
You'll get chopped to pieces with this one...
The blue blubby fish monster has been summoned!
The King has been summoned!
The thunderbird is not pleased with its awakening...
It's sole purpose was to protect this land. Why would you try to destroy it?
Calcia has been summoned!
The Nether Beast has been summoned!
The Withering Beast has been summoned!
The Soul Watcher has been summoned!
Overworld
Nether
End
Euca
Boiling Point
Cloudia
Corba
Depths
Frozen Lands
Terrania
Senterian Labyrinth
We never saw it, but we know it - the Divine land Corba was birthed by the o' powerful Rock and Eye. Never forget the day, the hour, the second he - The True One - the all powerful Rock and Eye - cometh unto the great world he created, to seek his revenge on the wrong-doers who dare disrespect his land.
I have to make this quick Clancy... I'm not sure how much time I have left... I'm not sure how much time our reality has left. These horrid machines... they're evil. They've pioneered an art form of killing. These Sentries... I'm certain they will destroy reality as we know it if they become too powerful. They - I think they've found me... I hope this reaches you. Please take all of the other contents of my Ender Chest I've left you. They're yours now. Goodbye, my friend.