Ender Gain Medium
Enables damage on fire-resistant entities and increases damage output for the Laser Turret.\n\nReplaces the standard redstone based gain medium with an ender pearl based one inside the turret. The new frequency of the laser fired will inflict damage to anything with fire immunity and also adds bonus damage to everything else.
Fuel Purifier
Enables damage on fire-resistant entities and increases damage output for the Flamethrower Turret.\n\nModifies the tank filters to act as a catalyst which purifies the fuel for the turret. The flames will burn blue and damage anything, even fire-resistent entities, with a higher damage value. Be careful, though! Blocks hit by the flames may catch on fire.
Personal Shield
Attaches a weak forcefield generator to a turret.\n\nThe shield protects a turret for 20 hitpoints from any attack until its depleted, which will then recover itself slowly. It does not regenerate itself when active.
Shield Projectile Deflector
Allows the Forcefield Turret to protect an area from projectiles.\n\nThe forcefield generated by the turret will be able to deflect projectiles it can recognise as such. No guarantee for projectiles not made by the gods of the vanilla!
Shield Explosion Absorber
Allows the Forcefield Turret to protect blocks and entities (which aren't a target) within its perimeter from explosions.\n\nThe forcefield structure is changed to make it stronger and thus resist explosions. Each block and each entity protected will decrease the hitpoints of the shield by 2 HP.
Shield Amplifier I
Increases the radius of the Forcefield Turret to 16 blocks and hitpoints of the forcefield to 150 HP.\n\nAdds a booster to the forcefield generator to increase hitpoints and range of the protective shield.
Shield Amplifier II
Increases the radius of the Forcefield Turret to 24 blocks and hitpoints of the forcefield to 250 HP.\n\nAdds a secondary booster to the forcefield generator to further increase hitpoints and range of the protective shield.