Power generated:
Turret idles
Turret gathers
Turret breaks
Turret damaged
Shotgun Turret shoots
Cryolator Turret shoots
Minigun Turret shoots
Revolver Turret shoots
Laser Turret shoots
Flamethrower Turret fires
Sniper Turret shoots
Healer Turret heals
Flak Turret launches
Artillery Turret shoots
Bullet ricochets
Projectile splashes
Shield engages
Turret Assembly Table
Energy consumed:
Processing time:
Requires:
Only Applicable On:
<Hold Shift>
Base for further upgrades. Not applicable to anything.
Health I
Increases the turret health by 25% .
Health II
Increases the turret health by an additional 25% (50% overall).
Health III
Increases the turret health by an additional 25% (75% overall).
Health IV
Increases the turret health by an additional 25% (100% overall).
Reload I
Decreases the reload time by 15% .
Reload II
Decreases the reload time by an additional 35% (50% overall).
Upgrade Storage I
Increases the available upgrade slots by 9.
Upgrade Storage II
Increases the available upgrade slots by 9.
Upgrade Storage III
Increases the available upgrade slots by 9.
Ammunition Storage
Increases the available ammo storage by 320 units.
Turret Mod: Turrets
Turret Mod: Items
Turret Mod: Upgrades
Arrows
Turret which shoots pebbles. It has the same stats as the T1 turret, but makes the lowest damage. Ideal for hitting multiple targets at once.
Pebbles
Turret which shoots seeds. It has double the health as the T1 turrets, the fastest cooldown time but makes low damage. Ideal for crowd control in combination with the T1 Shotgun Turret.
Wheat seeds
Melon seeds
Pumpkin seeds
This turret has double the health and damage, +8 blocks more range, shoots twice as fast and is more expensive than the Crossbow Turret. Ideal for intermediate defense systems.
Bullets
This turret can be considered as the upgraded version of the Revolver turret. It shoots lasers which deal 6 HP of damage, it has 60 HP of health and 1.5 times more range! Choose one of these turrets for your advanced defense system.