Entropic Processing
Erythurgy makes use of large quantities of entropy to break down materials into smaller fragments. So far as I've observed, this is nothing that couldn't simply be done by hand, but the use of so much pure entropy in the process makes the process quite a bit more efficient, if prohibitively expensive for some items.<BR>I attempted to use this process to extract more dye from smaller flowers as well as their larger counterparts, but apparently creating dye from them by hand is already as efficient as it can be. This suggests that similar results could be obtained through entirely nonmagical means with some sort of large grinding device. However, that's not quite relevant to magical research - I'll simply make a note of that in case it ever comes up.
Ordered Deconstruction
While many simple items can be condensed into large blocks, not all take so kindly to being disassembled. Sometimes, the resulting block is constructed in such a way that makes it very difficult to split into any usable component parts without losing a significant portion of them. However, it turns out this process can be eased greatly by adding large quantities of Ordo essentia.
Quartz Purification
With my new knowledge of Ordo, it may be time to return to one of my earlier attempts with alchemy: native metal clusters. My experiments with most metals were successful, but although I know native quartz clusters can form, I haven't been able to recreate them in the same way. Perhaps examining other native clusters can provide me with some insight.
The key insight proved deceptively simple: quartz is not a metal, and the Metallum usually present in my purifications must be replaced with Vitreus to account for its crystalline nature. The raw Ordo must be shaped slightly differently as well, but that proved to be trivial with the knowledge gained from studying erythurgy.<BR>Admittedly, the existence of the Fortune enchantment makes this process a bit underwhelming. Still, as a test of my abilities, it was quite interesting.