Crimson Blade
The Crimson Rites tell of a sword forged from the void which saps strength and sustenance from its wielder's foes. Supposedly it lies in the center of an eldritch labyrinth, accessible only through the Opening of the Eye.<BR>I may not be well-versed enough in thaumaturgy to find this weapon, but my knowledge should be sufficient to create a copy.
My Crimson Blade is exactly as the Cultists described, and all without having to stumble through a single labyrinth. Anyone struck by the sword will feel fatigue and hunger as well as pain, as the blade drains their strength.<BR>Unlike what I first assumed, I gain no strength or vitality from attacking enemies with this sword. Instead, the weapon itself seems to drain the life of those it strikes. It's a bit disturbing to think about what use it might have for that stolen life, but not enough to keep me from putting it to good use.
Crimson Praetor Armor
The most elite members of the Crimson Cult are said to wear armor with properties far beyond that of regular Crimson Knights. From the description of these "Crimson Praetors," their armor is to Crimson Cult armor what fortress armor is to regular thaumium armor. It shouldn't be too difficult for me to try its benefits for myself.
Well, that's disappointing. The Crimson Praetor armor is certainly superior to the Crimson Cult armor it is made from, but lacks the increased toughness and interlocking reinforcement I've come to expect from my fortress armor. In fact, it's hardly better than regular thaumium. At least it looks impressive enough.
Eldritch Creation
While translating more of the Crimson Rites, I came across the description of a creature called an Eldritch Crab. Apparently, it would decapitate would-be explorers with its pincers and take control of the now-dead husk, its abdomen raised to resemble a helm. Despite its rather gruesome habits, it seems to be just what I need to observe to finish my research into thaumaturgical entities.<BR>None are known to exist outside the labyrinthine dimension described in the Cult's writings, but there is speculation that they were purposefully created by someone or something through eldritch magic. By using a Crimson Cult helm and bits of the strange ancient stone I've produced, I just may be capable of replicating that feat.