Attuner
Attuned Diamond
Attuned Emerald
Dagger
Caliburn
Hammer
Mortar
Mortar and Pestle
Pestle
Mystic Staff of Explosive Mana Condensation
Powdered Diamond
Powdered Emerald
Powdered Iron
Powdered Gold
Powdered Ender
Powdered Eye
Powdered Quartz
Fae Essence
Treasury Projection Gauntlet
Scroll of the Treasury Projection Gauntlet
Scroll of the Boundary of Drain Life
Scroll of the Alarm Boundary
Scroll of the Gravity Boundary
Scroll of the Displacement Boundary
Scroll of the Tangible Boundary
Scroll of the Enclosure Boundary
Scroll of Projection
Scroll of Weapon Projectiles
Scroll of Strengthening
Scroll of Proximity Projection
Scroll of the Reality Marble
Scroll of Projectile Displacement
Scroll of Ascension
Scroll of Mental Displacement
Scroll of Protective Displacement
Scroll of Damage Absorption
Scroll of Explosive Mana Condensation
Scroll of the Mystic Eyes of Clairvoyance
Scroll of Rho Aias
Scroll of Shared Pain
Scroll of Borrowed Authority
Scroll of the Mystic Eyes of Reversion
Scroll of the Cup Of Heaven
Scroll of the Mystic Eyes of Binding
Scroll of Spatial Disorientation
Scroll of Summon Familiar
Scroll of Recall Familiar
Scroll of the Familiar's Garden
Scroll of Immunity Exchange
Scroll of Shared Vision
Scroll of the Mystic Eyes of Insight
Scroll of Familiar Exchange
Scroll of the Mystic Eyes of the Black Flame
Scroll of the Mystic Eyes of Death Collection
Scroll of the Mystic Eyes of Fay Sight
Mystic Staff of Spatial Disorientation
Bow of Weapon Projectiles
Crimson Black Keys of Proximity Projection
Mystic Code
Mystic Code - First Sorcery
Scroll of Retribution
Invisible Barrier
Black Fire
Spell Cloth
Mahoujin Projector
Familiar
Draw Mahoujin
Mahou Tsukai
Change Mystic Code
Mahou Tsukai
Murky Water
/maxmahou player_name new_mahou_limit
Oi oi,
Hey,
Hey hey,
MASTER,
Ne ne,
Oh,
MASTER
I found
!
I think there's some
nearby...
there's a
over there!
Do you like those?
Sweet!
COOL
Pretty...
MASTER!!
IT HURTS!!
WTF
OW
OUCH
OH GOD
BEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEETCH
S-H-I-T
was that a
?
I just saw a
pass by..
there's a
near me.
Scary!
I'm going to stay away..
I should try not to anger it..
I hope it doesn't see me.
Looks weird.
I won't cry if you kill it.
Are they friendly?
there's someone here! Their name is
. They're at
I'm watching a player named
 at
player alert! Someone named
 is standing at
 Yes, Master!
 OK, Master!
 Understood.
 Your wish is my command, Master!
Ho ho ho,
Happy holidays,
*PADORU INTENSIFIES*
MASTER,
Tsukimihara wo, PADORU - Hey,
Hashire sori yo, kaze no you ni.. Oh,
Be mine,
Roses are red, Master is you..
Happy Valentine's,
MASTER,
Love love pyon pyon ~
I'm so in love I could fly! Wait, could I already do that?
They're after me lucky - wait, that's under copyright.
Do the Fae celebrate St. Patrick's Day?
I SWEAR I SAW A LEPRECHAUN JUST THE OTHER DAY I'M NOT LYING!
What's the tradition? If you don't wear green a creeper blows up your base?
I mean, a pot of gold is like 5 bars of gold in Minecraft, so it's not that impressive.
Ugh, I'm green for St. Patrick's Day, not out of envy,
zomb
vampir
demon
devil
skele
lich
evil
curse
undead
wither
Become a Mahou Tsukai!
You literally drew a circle on the floor. You're qualified.
Activate a Lesser Grail!
You call that evil? Weak, weak.
Activate a Greater Grail!
Watch out for this guy, he's nuts.
The Sword in the... Lake?
Acquire a new sword by throwing yours into a lake. The Lady must be on vacation.
When Pigs Fly!
Use the Staff of Spatial Disorientation on a pig you're riding to achieve flight.
Bakuretsu, Bakuretsu..
La la la
Fae
Powered On
Powered Off
Yours
Not Yours
Magitech Mana Circuit
Mana Circuit
Borrowed Authority
Binding Eyes
Reversion Eyes
Bound
Reverted
Fay Sight
Black Flame Eyes
Burning
Minor Clairvoyance
Death Collection Eyes
Fear
Interesting Block Report
Peaceful Garden
Bleeding
Immunity Exchange
Insight
Alarm Boundary Mana Cost Per Cycle
This is the mana cost per cycle
Alarm Boundary Mana Cycle (in seconds)
This is how often the boundary drains mana
Alarm Boundary Radius (in blocks)
This is the range of the boundary
Alarm Boundary Operation Cycle (in Ticks)
This is how often the boundary does it's thing
Messages are sent to Action Bar
Messages are sent to Action Bar as opposed to the Chat window
Displacement Boundary Mana Cost Per Cycle
This is the mana cost per cycle
Displacement Boundary Mana Cycle (in seconds)
This is how often the boundary drains mana
Displacement Boundary Radius (in blocks)
This is the range of the boundary
Displacement Boundary Operation Cycle (in Ticks)
This is how often the boundary does it's thing
Drain Life Boundary Mana Cost Per Cycle
This is the mana cost per cycle
Drain Life Boundary Mana Cycle (in seconds)
This is how often the boundary drains mana
Drain Life Boundary Radius (in blocks)
This is the range of the boundary
Drain Life Boundary Operation Cycle (in Ticks)
This is how often the boundary does it's thing
Gravity Boundary Mana Cost Per Cycle
This is the mana cost per cycle
Gravity Boundary Mana Cycle (in seconds)
This is how often the boundary drains mana
Gravity Boundary Radius (in blocks)
This is the range of the boundary
Gravity Boundary Operation Cycle (in Ticks)
This is how often the boundary does it's thing
Enclosure Boundary Mana Cost Per Cycle
This is the mana cost per cycle
Enclosure Boundary Operation Cycle (in Ticks)
This is how often the boundary does it's thing
Enclosure Boundary Radius (in blocks)
This is the range of the boundary
Tangible Boundary Mana Cost Per Cycle
This is the mana cost per cycle
Tangible Boundary Mana Cycle (in seconds)
This is how often the boundary drains mana
Tangible Boundary Radius (in blocks)
This is the range of the boundary
Tangible Boundary Operation Cycle (in Ticks)
This is how often the boundary does it's thing
Ascension Operation Cycle (in Ticks)
This is how often the circle checks for things to teleport
Ascension Mana Cost Per Teleport
This is the cost of using the scroll (also the cost per teleport if not a scroll)
Equivalent Displacement Operation Cycle (in Ticks)
This is how often the circle checks for things to teleport
Equivalent Displacement Cooldown (in Ticks)
This is the cooldown between teleports (so you don't get shot back and forth rapidly)
Equivalent Displacement Mana Cost Per Teleport
This is the cost per teleport
Mental Displacement Mana Cost
This is the cost of using the scroll
Mental Displacement Range from Starting Point
This is how far you can go before being sent back to your body
Projectile Displacement Mana Cost
This is the cost of using the scroll
Ordered Displacement Operation Cycle (in Ticks)
This is how often the circle checks for things to teleport
Ordered Displacement Cooldown (in Ticks)
This is the cooldown between teleports (so you don't get shot back and forth rapidly)
Ordered Displacement Mana Cost Per Teleport
This is the cost per teleport
Ordered Displacement Radius for Nearby Circles
This is the max distance between ordered displacement circles.
Protective Displacement Mana Cost
This is the cost of using the scroll
Scrying Mana Cost
This is the cost per name tag
Scrying Duration
This is how long (in ticks) before a single name tag use runs out
Scrying Block Cycle
This is how often a Scrying tile entity will send updates
Bow of Weapon Projectiles Summon Mana Cost
This is the cost of using the scroll
Treasury Projection Scroll Mana Cost
This is the cost of using the scroll
Treasury Projection Gauntlet Mana Cost
This is the cost per projectile when using the gauntlet
Treasury Projection Cooldown
This is the delay between projectiles of the gauntlet
Treasury Projection Warmup
This is the wind up time each projectile has before firing.
Treasury Projection Max Distance For Spawn
This is the max distance between the target and the projectile spawn
Treasury Projection Min Distance For Spawn
This is the min distance between the target and the projectile spawn
Treasury Projection Ignore Item Selection. Allow everything except blacklist
Ignore whitelist; allow everything
Treasury Projection Ignore Item Selection. Reject all except whitelist
Ignore whitelist & blacklist; allow everything
Treasury Projection Whitelist
A list of additional registry names which will be considered for selection in Treasury Projection
Treasury Projection Blacklist
A list of  registry names which will be not considered for selection in Treasury Projection
Strengthening Mana Cost
This is the cost of using the scroll
Reality Marble Mana Cost
This is the cost of using the scroll
Reality Marble Dimension ID (-1 will pick the next free one)
If you have dimension conflicts, change this to something else
Marble Dimension Sword Durability
Durability of swords spawned in the Marble Dimension
Marble Dimension Sword Frequency (Higher is less swords)
Distance between swords spawned in the Marble Dimension
Marble Dimension Sword Chance (Between 0 and 1, where 1 is cloudy with a 100% chance of swords)
Probability of sword spawn
Reality Marble Sword Spawn List
These will spawn in the Reality Marble as entities.. No guarantees on functionality if you change this.
Crimson Black Keys Summon Mana Cost
This is the cost of using the scroll
Projection Mana Cost
This is the cost of using the scroll
Projection Blacklist
A list of item names which cannot be projected. Such as minecraft:diamond_sword , for example.
Projected Item Durability Factor
Either the amount of damage a projected item takes from its max, or the total durability of the projected item
Projected Durability Flat Value
Whether the projected durability is based on max damage (false) or just flat (true)
Power Consolidation Sword Exchange Mana Cost
This is the cost per sword transformation.
Power Consolidation Lake Mana Cost
This is the cost per cycle for creating the lake.
Power Consolidation Lake Operation Cycle (in Ticks)
This is how often the lake does it's thing to make a lake
Power Consolidation Lake Size
This is the max radius of the lake
Power Consolidation Lake Threshhold
This is the minimum threshhold a lake needs to be to be able to transform a sword into Caliburn.
Power Consolidation Nerf Factor
This is a nerf factor applied to enchantments to reduce the amount of power that can be consolidated. Lower is less nerf.
Power Consolidation Fog Radius
This is the distance before the lake begins to generate fog. (Note: Higher values may decrease FPS)
Caliburn Pull Radius
This is the range for pulling undead mobs with Caliburn
Caliburn Durability
How much durability Caliburn has.
Caliburn Fear Radius
This is the range for undead mobs to fear Caliburn
Caliburn Sweep Radius
Entities must be this close to the wielder of Caliburn to be affected by the sweep.
Caliburn Sweep Look Vector Radius
Entities must be this close to the wielder of Caliburn's look vector to be affected by the sweep.
Caliburn Attack Cap
The highest attack Caliburn can go to
Caliburn Ring Speed
Multiplier for Caliburn ring speed
Caliburn Blacklist
Acts as a blacklist if the toggle is on
Caliburn Blacklist Toggle
Toggles the blacklist functionality
Power Consolidation Retro Fog Fix
Toggles whether it water should attempt to create tile entities. Only needed for old worlds with murky water in them.
Alchemical Exchange Operation Cycle (in Ticks)
This is how often the circle changes a layer underneath it
Alchemical Exchange Height (in blocks)
How far down gets changed by the Alchemical Exchange
Alchemical Exchange Mana Cost (per block changed)
This is the cost for each block changed by the circle
Alchemical Exchange Dirt Class Blocks
This is a list of blocks available in the dirt-class exchange.
Alchemical Exchange Stone Class Blocks
This is a list of blocks available in the stone-class exchange.
Alchemical Exchange Metal Class Blocks
This is a list of blocks available in the metal-class exchange.
Alchemical Exchange Gem Class Blocks
This is a list of blocks available in the gem-class exchange.
Alchemical Exchange Clay Class Blocks
This is a list of blocks available in the clay-class exchange.
Alchemical Exchange Wood Class Blocks
This is a list of blocks available in the wood-class exchange.
Alchemical Exchange Special Class Blocks
This is a list of blocks available in the special-class exchange.
Alchemical Exchange Grass Class Blocks
This is a list of blocks available in the grass-class exchange.
Alchemical Exchange Fluid Class Blocks
This is a list of blocks available in the fluid-class exchange.
Alchemical Exchange Moving Fluid Class Blocks
This is a list of blocks available in the moving-fluid-class exchange.
Catalyst Exchange Operation Cycle (in Ticks)
This is how often the circle checks for catalysts on top to change
Catalyst Exchange Mana Cost (per catalyst changed)
This is the cost for each catalyst exchanged by the circle
Chronal Exchange Operation Cycle (in Ticks)
This is how often the circle restores or deducts mana
Chronal Exchange Mana Gain & Loss
This is how much mana is gained or lost every cycle
Durability Exchange Operation Cycle (in Ticks)
This is how often the circle restores mana
Durability Exchange Mana Gain Limit
This is the limit on mana restored per cycle
Durability Exchange Efficiency
Take this much durability per mana point gained
Damage Exchange Mana Cost
This is the cost of using the scroll
Damage Exchange Mana Gain
This is the how much mana you get back when you're injured
Contract Mana Cost
This is the cost of forming a contract with another player
Contract Operation Cycle (in Ticks)
This is how often the block checks for players on top of it
Contract Radius
This is the max distance between contract circles.
Immunity Exchange Mana Cost
This is the mana cost per scroll
Immunity Exchange Buff Time
This is how long the buff/debuff lasts (in ticks)
Spatial Disorientation Staff Summon Mana Cost
This is the cost of using the scroll
Spatial Disorientation Staff AOE Mana Cost per second
This is the cost of using the staff on a block (per second!)
Spatial Disorientation Staff Single Target Mana Cost
This is a flat cost of using the staff on an entity
Mystic Explosion Staff Summon Mana Cost
This is the cost of using the scroll
Mystic Explosion Staff Big Explosion Mana Cost
This is the cost of using the giant explosion
Mystic Explosion Staff AOE Mana Cost
This is the cost of using the multiple explosion mode
Damage scales with caster max mana for Big explosion
Whether the damage is flat or scales with caster's 'level'
Damage scales with caster max mana for AOE explosions
Whether the damage is flat or scales with caster's 'level'
Damage factor for Mystic Staff Big Explosion
Either a fraction of the max mana (if scaling) or a flat damage value
Damage factor for Mystic Staff AOE Explosion
Either a fraction of the max mana (if scaling) or a flat damage value
Size of Mystic Staff AOE Explosion
Explosion Size for AOE Explosion
Size of Mystic Staff Big Explosion
Explosion Size for Big Explosion
Damage factor for Mystic Staff Beam
Either a fraction of the max mana (if scaling) or a flat damage value
Mana cost per tick for Mystic Staff Beam
This is the cost of using the beam, per tick (20 ticks per second)
Damage scales with caster max mana for Beam
Whether the damage is flat or scales with caster's 'level'
Damage Acceleration Factor for Mystic Staff Beam
The damage the beam does will be multiplied by this amount every second
Mystic Staff Beam Block Limit Per Tick
How many blocks the beam can break per tick. Lowering this will lessen lag when using the beam
Mystic Staff Beam Volume Factor
How loud the beam is
Rho Aias Mana Cost
This is the cost of using the scroll
Rho Aias Kill List Range
How far away Rho Aias will delete entities
Rho Aias Kill List
Entities which Rho Aias will delete if within range
Rho Aias Collision Kill List
Entities which Rho Aias will delete if colliding with.
Rho Aias Kill List Debug Log
Logs detected entities from the kill list, for debug only
Rho Aias Only Boops Caster When Sneaking
Whether Rho Aias boops all the time or just when caster sneaking
Shared Pain Mana Cost
This is the cost of using the scroll
Borrowed Authority Mana Cost
This is the cost of using the scroll
Borrowed Authority Time
This is how long the effect lasts (in ticks)
Borrowed Authority Self Damage
This is how much damage done to the player when attacking something
Borrowed Authority Damage Other
This is how much damaqe is done when the player hits something
Borrowed Authority Slowdown Factor (Wall)
This is the slowdown factor when a punched thing hits a wall. Lower is slower
Borrowed Authority Slowdown Factor (Air)
This is the slowdown factor when a punched thing is flying through the air normally. Lower is slower
Borrowed Authority Speed Multiplier
This is the multiplier for speed when the buff is active. Lower is slower
Borrowed Authority Block Resistance Limit
Blocks with higher than this resistance will not be broken. Set to 0 for no breaking.
Cup Of Heaven Mana Cost
This is multiplied by the square root of the area of the target network, and then multiplied by the sum of potion to get the mana cost.
Cup Of Heaven Activation Distance
This is the maximum distance the player can be from a network to activate it
Cup Of Heaven Effect Duration
This is how long potion generated by the network last.
Cup Of Heaven Network Distance
This is the maximum distance between nodes for them to be counted as part of the network.
Cup Of Heaven Effect For Multiples of 2
This is the effect that is applied when the network has multiples of 2.
Cup Of Heaven Effect For Multiples of 3
This is the effect that is applied when the network has multiples of 3.
Cup Of Heaven Effect For Multiples of 5
This is the effect that is applied when the network has multiples of 5.
Cup Of Heaven Effect For Multiples of 7
This is the effect that is applied when the network has multiples of 7.
Cup Of Heaven Effect For Multiples of 11
This is the effect that is applied when the network has multiples of 11.
Cup Of Heaven Effect For Multiples of 13
This is the effect that is applied when the network has multiples of 13.
Cup of Heaven - Client Sky Circle Render
Whether to show the circles in the sky
Clairvoyance Mana Cost
This is the cost of using the scroll
Clairvoyance Buff Time (in ticks)
This is how long the buff lasts
Clairvoyance Range
Entities within this radius will have their movement predicted
Mystic Eyes of Binding Mana Cost
This is the cost of using the scroll
Mystic Eyes of Binding Buff Time (in ticks)
This is how long the buff lasts
Mystic Eyes of Binding Range
Entities must be within this radius of the user to be affected
Mystic Eyes of Binding Range from Stare
Entities must be this close to the user's look vector to be affected
Mystic Eyes of Reversion Mana Cost
This is the cost of using the scroll
Mystic Eyes of Reversion Buff Time (in ticks)
This is how long the buff lasts
Mystic Eyes of Reversion Range
Entities must be within this radius of the user to be affected
Mystic Eyes of Reversion Range from Stare
Entities must be this close to the user's look vector to be affected
Mystic Eyes of Death Collection Mana Cost
This is the cost of using the scroll
Mystic Eyes of Death Collection Buff Time (in ticks)
This is how long the buff lasts
Mystic Eyes of Death Collection Range
Entities must be within this radius of the user to be counted
Mystic Eyes of Death Collection Soul Value For Mobs
Mob deaths will count this much to the next death prevention.
Mystic Eyes of Death Collection Soul Value For Players
Player deaths will count this much to the next death prevention.
Mystic Eyes of Death Collection Revive Health
How much health the player gets back when avoiding death
Mystic Eyes of the Black Flame Mana Cost
This is the cost of using the scroll
Mystic Eyes of the Black Flame Buff Time (in ticks)
This is how long the buff lasts
Mystic Eyes of the Black Flame Range
Blocks and entities within this range will be ignited if the user looks at them
Black Flame Ignition Ticks
Something is lit on fire every this many ticks, from the player's eyes
Black Flame Ignition Ticks
How often flames do an update (in ticks)
Black Flame Death Age
Control the speed at which flames die (number between 0 and 3, probably)
Mystic Eyes of Fay Sight Mana Cost
This is the cost of using the scroll
Mystic Eyes of Fay Sight Buff Time (in ticks)
This is how long the buff lasts
Leylines Punishment Value (for being not near any leylines)
This value is added to mana regen. It is the floor for mana added by leylines. By default, you lose 1 mana from regen for not being near a leyline.
Ley Factor
The factor used in calculating the leyline bonus regen
Leylines Bonus Flat (true) or Percentage (false)
Whether the bonus regen is flat or based on max mana
Ley Point distance (in blocks)
How far away ley points are from each other
Ley Point offset
An offset in case you don't want 0,0 to be a leyline
Leylines Affect Mana
Set this to false if you don't like ley lines affecting mana regen
Leylines Render distance
How far away Leylines can be seen
Leylines Render height
The Y value Ley Lines should render at
The Fae make noise
Toggle for Fae Sounds
Fae Spawn Rate factor
Modifier for Fae spawn rate
Fae Min Spawn Count
Min number of Fae
Fae Max Spawn Count
Max number of fae
Fae are ambient
If true, fae are ambient creatures. If false, they are normal creatures.
Fae Spawn Weight
Spawn weight over other creatures
Leylines are runes
If false, will show lines instead of runes. Lines not may not be compatible with shaders.
Leyline Dimension List Is Blacklist
If true, the dimension list is a blacklist. If false it is a whitelist.
Leyline Dimension List
Whitelist or blacklist of dimension IDs
Shared Vision Mana Cost
This is the cost of using the scroll
Recall Familiar Mana Cost
This is the cost of using the scroll
Summon Familiar Mana Cost
This is the cost of using the scroll
Familiar Time to Report Surroundings
How often the familiar tries to talk to you
Familiar Health
How much health the familiar has
Familiar Ouch Chance
The chance that a familiar will complain about being hurt.
Familiar Exchange Mana Cost
This is the cost of using the scroll
Familiar's Garden Mana Cost
This is the cost of using the scroll
Familiar's Garden Range
This is the range of the effect from the familiar
Familiar's Garden Duration
This is how many ticks it lasts from the time of using the scroll.
Messages are sent to Action Bar
Messages are sent to Action Bar as opposed to the Chat window
Retribution Mana Cost (Per difference)
This is how much mana the scroll costs per point difference.
Retribution Mana Cost Percent Based
Whether Retribution drains mana based on difference in health or difference in percent health.
Retribution Entity Blacklist
A list of entity registry names this spell won't work against
Insight Mana Cost
The cost of using the scroll.
Mystic Eyes of Insight Time
How long the buff lasts
Insight Left X Offset
Added X value to left tab position of Mystic Eyes of Insight
Insight Left Y Offset
Added Y value to left tab position of Mystic Eyes of Insight
Insight Right X Offset
Added X value to right tab position of Mystic Eyes of Insight
Insight Right Y Offset
Added Y value to right tab position of Mystic Eyes of Insight
Insight Bottom X Offset
Added X value to bottom tab position of Mystic Eyes of Insight
Insight Bottom Y Offset
Added Y value to bottom tab position of Mystic Eyes of Insight
Client GUI Mahou Placement X
X value of Mahou value on screen
Client GUI Mahou Placement Y
Y value of Mahou value on screen
Global Look Range
The block range value for any spells which use the player's line of sight
Creative Mode Requires Scrolls
If false, scrolls will not disappear in creative.
Mystic Code Ring Speed
Ring speed for the Mystic Code
Boundary Spin Speed
Spinning speed for boundaries
Mana Circuit Magitech Capacity
How much this circuit can hold
Magitech Mana Circuit Capacity
How much this circuit can hold
Mana Circuit (any) Range
How far away things can be from a Mana Circuit to use it
Overall Max Mana Cap
How high a player's personal mana can go
Magic damages the player
Should magic damage the player
Mana Damage is Flat
If Magic damages the player, should it be flat damage or based on mana used
Magic damage value
If damage is flat, this value is dealt to player's health. If not flat, this value is multiplied by mana used and rounded up.
Magic Damage Type - Generic or Magic
What type of damage magic damage inflicts.
Mystic Code - First Sorcery Durability
How much durability the Mystic Code - First Sorcery item has
Show Bleeding Effect
Toggle bleeding potion effect display
Blood circles on solid only
If true, only allow blood circles on solid blocks
Mana Up Counter
How much mana is spent before it increases
Mana Increase Amount
How much max mana increases every time it does
Passive Mana Regen
How much mana players regen per tick
Mana Recovery Factor when Sleeping
Percentage of max mana players get back by sleeping
Magic Circle URLs
A list of URLs to pull Magic Circle textures from
Magic Runes URLs
A list of URLs to pull Magic Runes textures from
Mahoujin Projector Default Rotation Speed
Base rotation speed for projector
Mahoujin Projector Continues Rotating When Redstone Applied
Stop spinning when powered off
Proximity Projection Durability
How much durability the Proximity Projection Keys have
Creative Mode Ignores Mana Costs
If true, mana cost of things is ignored in creative mode
R:
G:
B:
Alpha:
Size:
X:
Y:
Z:
Yaw:
Pitch:
Speed:
Ring Angle:
Ring Height:
Circle List Index:
Runes List Index:
Yaw Speed:
Pitch Speed:
Rotation:
Mahou Tsukai Knowledge Compendium
Cloth Optional
No Cloth
Cloth Required
Alarm Boundary
The Alarm Boundary is perhaps the most basic of boundary magic - it simply alerts you to mobs and players as they enter the range (%%val2) of the boundary. %%n %%nIt drains %%val0 mana from the caster every %%val1 second(s). %%n%%nAlarm boundaries will also output a comparator value of 15 when it detects anything in the boundary.
Displacement Boundary
The Displacement Boundary teleports entities that attempt to enter the range (%%val2) of the boundary to the other side of the boundary. In doing so, it will attempt to displace blocks that would suffocate said entity. %%n %%nIt drains %%val0 mana from the caster every %%val1 second(s).
Enclosure Boundary
The Enclosure Boundary raises the floor around you to create a makeshift set of walls with radius %%val1. %%n %%nIt drains %%val0 mana from the caster for every layer of blocks that it raises.
Tangible Boundary
The Tangible Boundary is a large invisible barrier with range %%val2 that you can pass through, but mobs, arrows, and other entities cannot. It will not replace solid blocks other than grass, nor will it replace water. %%n %%nIt drains %%val0 mana from the caster every %%val1 second(s).
Gravity Boundary
The Gravity Boundary increases the gravity for mobs other than the caster in an area of range %%val2. %%n %%nIt drains %%val0 mana from the caster every %%val1 second(s).
Boundary of Drain Life
The Boundary of Drain Life slowly drains health from nearby mobs in a range of %%val2. For every health drained, health, hunger, or mana is restored to the caster, in that order, according to the caster's needs. %%n %%nIt drains %%val0 mana from the caster every %%val1 second(s).
Ascension
This spell, when used without a cloth, will teleport any thing (including items and mobs) on top of it to the highest solid Y value it can find. The scroll version of this spell will simply transport the caster. %%n %%nIt drains %%val0 mana from the caster per teleport.
Protective Displacement
Ever wondered what it's like to be an Enderman? The Protective Displacement scroll will randomly teleport you when you would otherwise have been hit by an arrow. %%n %%nIt drains %%val0 mana from the caster when used, and provides a set number of teleports - it is not time based.
Projectile Displacement
A Projectile Displacement scroll teleports you to the last arrow you shot. %%n %%nIt drains %%val0 mana from the caster on use.
Ordered Displacement
An Ordered Displacement circle on the ground teleports any thing on top of it to a nearby Ordered Displacement circle. Which one it teleports you to depends on the order in which you placed the circles. You can sneak to stop teleporting. %%n %%nIt drains %%val0 mana from the caster per teleport.
Equivalent Displacement
An Equivalent Displacement circle on the ground can be linked (by shift-right-clicking) to another equivalent displacement circle anywhere in the world or across dimensions. However, a teleport between the two can only happen if there is something on BOTH circles. That something can be an item or mob, and the chunks must be loaded. %%n %%nIt drains %%val0 mana from the caster per teleport.
Mental Displacement
A mental displacement scroll allows the caster to temporarily leave his body behind and explore the world in a certain radius. %%n %%nIt drains %%val0 mana from the caster on use.
Scrying
A Scrying circle on the ground allows the player to see a named mob or player from afar, for a short amount of time. Simply drop a nametag on the circle, and if a mob or player with this name exists, it will be shown with its surroundings. %%n %%nIt drains %%val0 mana from the caster per nametag.
Strengthening
A Strengthening scroll will strengthen the first thing on your hotbar, or your off-hand if you're holding something. Strengthened items are temporarily unbreakable, do more damage, and have increased mining capabilities. %%n %%nIt drains %%val0 mana from the caster on use.
Projection
The first use of this scroll memorizes a tool or weapon you're looking at (for the whole stack!). The second use gives you a copy of the tool with limited durability. %%n %%nIt drains %%val0 mana from the caster each time the scroll is used.
Proximity Projection
Using this scroll grants the caster a weapon, which allows the caster to simultaneously teleport to and attack an entity they can see at long range. %%n %%nIt drains %%val0 mana from the caster on use of the scroll.
Weapon Projectiles
Using this scroll grants the caster a bow, which can shoot tools and weapons. %%n %%nIt drains %%val0 mana from the caster on use of the scroll.
Reality Marble
This scroll teleports the user (and optionally, a target the user is looking at) to a fixed spot in the Reality Marble. If the user has a target, one of the two must die for the other to leave. Otherwise, taking damage will allow the player to leave. %%n %%nIt drains %%val0 mana from the caster on use.
Power Consolidation
This circle, when placed on the floor, will spawn a lake. Each growth of the lake costs %%val0 mana. When the lake has reached full size, the caster can throw in an enchanted sword in order to get Caliburn, a holy sword which will have the damage of the sword plus extra based on its enchantments. (hint: holier is better!) %%n %%nExchanging a sword costs %%val1 mana.
Power Consolidation (cont.)
The holy sword, Caliburn, has several properties. First, undead and unholy monsters will fear it and attempt to flee. Second, right-clicking will pull both the caster and such monsters closer. Lastly, as Caliburn is a sword, the Power Consolidation process can be repeated by simply enchanting it.
Treasury Projection
This scroll give the user a gauntlet which will project weapons and tools from the user's treasury - their inventory, some modded bags, and their ender chest, and fling them at the target block they are looking at. %%n %%nIt drains %%val0 mana on using the scroll, and %%val1 mana per weapon projected.
Shared Pain
When used on another mob or player, this scroll will replicate damage and potions that affect the caster to the target. %%n %%nIt drains %%val0 mana on using the scroll.
Rho Aias
This scroll creates a large shield in front of the caster in the direction it is used. Mobs bounce off of it, and various projectiles are deleted by it. If desired, the caster can also bounce on it by sneaking. %%n %%nIt drains %%val0 mana on use.
Staff of Explosive Mana Condensation
This scroll summons a staff with explosive power. The staff has a long charge up time (the beam in the middle indicates readiness), and creates a large explosion. Shift right clicking with the staff will change it to fire multiple, smaller, explosions, and shift right clicking again will enable a beam mode.
Staff of Explosive Mana Condensation (cont.)
When in beam mode the staff's damage accelerates the longer the beam is held. Also, the beam will destroy blocks it comes in contact with. %%n %%nThe scroll drains %%val0 mana from the caster, %%val1 mana when using the large explosion mode, %%val2 mana when using the AOE explosion mode, and %%val3 mana per tick when using the beam mode.
Staff of Spatial Disorientation
Using this scroll summons a staff which can be used on an entity to launch them in the direction the caster is looking. Longer charge time provides more velocity. Alternatively, when used on a block, nearby entities will be pulled in and launched, after a charge up time. %%nIt drains %%val0 mana from the caster on use of the scroll, %%val1 mana when used on an entity, and %%val2 mana per second when used in AOE mode.
Borrowed Authority
Borrow the authority of the gods with this scroll, which increases the caster's speed and power, to the extent that mobs hit while using it will break through walls. %%n %%nIt drains %%val0 mana from the caster on use.
Cup of Heaven (the Grail)
The most complex spell, and used primarily as a way of applying mass negative effects. When many of these circles are placed on the floor and activated by a scroll, the external convex polygon (google: Graham Scan) is calculated. The prime factors in the external polygon and those in the internal polygon determine the negative effects. All mobs and players within the external polygon at the time of activation receive these effects.
Cup of Heaven (cont.)
Cup of Heaven (cont.)
For a cup of heaven which grants poison 1 and wither 1, for example, you could simply create a 22-sided polygon and all mobs inside would be affected. %%n %%nMana cost varies depending on the effects and area covered.
Mystic Eyes of Binding
When used, eye contact between the caster and any mob or player binds that mob or player in place. Players, however, can escape this binding by simply breaking eye contact. %%n %%nIt drains %%val0 mana on use.
Minor Clairvoyance
When used, the caster will be able to see the predicted path of certain mobs. Unfortunately, some mobs are an enigma and cannot be predicted accurately, such as skeletons. %%n %%nIt drains %%val0 mana on use.
Mystic Eyes of the Black Flame
When used, black flames will sprout at the caster's viewing location for a short time. These flames spread somewhat quickly, but do not consume blocks and inflict wither damage to those who come in contact with them. %%n %%nIt drains %%val0 mana from the caster on use.
Mystic Eyes of Death Collection
When used, the caster collects souls upon seeing death - this death can occur in any way, but the caster does have to be looking at it. If the caster has collected enough souls, their death will be prevented in exchange for souls, whether or not the eyes are active. %%n %%nIt drains %%val0 mana from the caster on use.
Mystic Eyes of Reversion
When used, mobs and players in the caster's view will lose their buffs, along with certain other qualities, depending on the mob. Water mobs will no longer breathe underwater - nether mobs will be affected by fire and lava. Endermen, Shulker boxes and the Wither will no longer be immune to arrows. Husks can catch fire in the sun. %%n %%nIt drains %%val0 mana from the caster on use.
Mystic Eyes of Fay Sight
Very simply, this spell allows the player to see Leylines and the Fae. %%n %%nIt drains %%val0 mana from the caster on use.
Summon Familiar
When used, the player summons a familiar. This familiar will report on interesting players, mobs, and blocks that it sees, and will chunk load the area around it. %%n %%nIt drains %%val0 mana on use.
Recall Familiar
When used, the player's familiar, if it exists, will be recalled to the player. %%n %%nIt drains %%val0 mana on use.
Familiar Exchange
When used, the caster will switch places with the familiar if it exists. %%n %%nIt drains %%val0 mana from the caster on use.
Shared Vision
When used on a mob or player, the caster will see through its eyes. %%n %%nIt drains %%val0 mana from the caster on use.
Familiar's Garden
 When used while a familiar is active, the familiar will activate its garden. Mobs and players in the garden will not be able to harm each other. The affected area moves with the familiar, and particles are produced to show the area. %%n %%nIt drains %%val0 mana from the caster on use.
Damage Exchange
When used, the player will convert damage taken into mana a set number of times (not time-based). %%n %%nIt drains %%val0 mana on use.
Chronal Exchange
When placed on the floor, this circle will generate mana for 12 hours a day, centered on the time of placement. For the other 12 hours, it will drain mana from the caster, gems, or mana circuits. %%n %%nIt will drain or restore %%val0 mana every so often.
Durability Exchange
When placed on the floor, this circle will convert the durability of items on top of it into mana. Alternatively, it can do so from a chest underneath it as well. %%n %%nIt can restore a maximum of %%val0 mana per second.
Catalyst Exchange
When placed on the floor, this circle will convert any powdered catalysts on top of it into a new random powdered catalyst. %%n %%nIt drains %%val0 mana from the caster per transformation.
Alchemical Exchange
This circle will, once a day around the time of placement, convert blocks underneath it into random other blocks of the same class. For example, dirt may become sand, diamonds may become emeralds, etc. However, this only works on natural blocks, and will not work on things such as bricks or diamond blocks. %%n %%nIt drains %%val0 mana from the caster per transformation.
Contract
When two players create their own contract circles, and stand on them nearby, a contract will be formed between the players. Contracts allow players to bypass certain effects such as boundaries and some mystic eyes. To break a contract, one player need only damage the other. %%n %%nIt drains %%val0 mana from each player when a contract is formed.
Immunity Exchange
This scroll can be used on either the player or something the player is looking at. The target of the scroll will take no damage from repeated damage sources, but will take double damage from a damage source that was different from the last one. %%n %%nIt drains %%val0 mana from the caster on use.
Retribution
A Scroll of Retribution exchanges the health percentage of the caster with the health percentage of the target. It drains mana based on the difference between the user and target's health. The cost is %%val0 times the difference in health points.
Mystic Eyes of Insight
The Mystic Eyes of Insight allow the user to see more information about a target, such as its inventory, and, in the case of living creatures, their buffs, debuffs, etc. The mana cost is %%val0 per scroll.
Mahou Tsukai
A mahoutsukai, simply, is a magic user. And congrats! You are one such magic user. %%n%%nLet's first see how to draw a circle in blood. It's easy - just take damage, and quickly use the keybind %%k to draw a circle in blood on the floor. If successful, you'll see a blood circle on the ground, and a mana bar (Mahou X/Y) somewhere on your screen. Note: there is a dagger to damage yourself, if you prefer.
Mana
Using mana increases your maximum mana capacity over time - it's like exercising. You will naturally recover some mana over time, depending on how full your hunger is. Sleeping will regen a good chunk of your mana, and sleep is important, so sleep often!
Attuned Gems
If you craft an Attuner with a Diamond or Emerald, you can get an attuned gem. These gems will store mana for you, if you right click while holding the gem. Spells will automatically draw from any gems on your person.
Performing Magic
To perform Magic, we need a few things - mana, (optionally, depending on the recipe) a cloth, a blood circle, and 3 powdered catalysts. If the recipe is for a scroll, you'd put the cloth down first, and then draw a blood circle on top. Otherwise, simply put the circle on the floor. Take your powdered catalysts and right click the circle to add them to it.
Catalysts
There are seven catalysts representing each of the known categories of magic. Powdered Catalysts are created by taking a Hammer or a Mortar and Pestle, and smashing these catalysts. 
Catalysts (cont.)
The categories are: %%n%%nIron - Boundaries%%n%%nEnder Pearl - Displacement%%n%%nDiamond - Projection%%n%%nEmerald - Exchange%%n%%nGold - Mystic%%n%%nQuartz - Intelligence%%n%%nEnder Eye - Mystic Eyes
Spell categories
Boundaries deal with AOE effects centered on a magic circle.%%n%%nDisplacement spells deal with teleportation magic.%%n%%nProjection spells deal with weapons.%%n%%nExchange spells usually involve a trade of some sort, often to refund or generate mana.
Spell categories (cont.)
Mystic spells are unique, often offenseive spells, which provide miscellaneous effects.%%n%%nMystic Eyes spells deal with sight based effects.%%n%%nIntelligence spells deal with decision making, often focused around entities.%%n%%nThere are also some rumored secret spells..
Leylines
Leylines connect certain points throughout the world. They can only be seen with Mystic Eyes of Fay Sight. Being near a leyline or leypoint increases mana regeneration based on a percentage of your maximum mana. %%n%%nThe Fae spawn near leylines.%%n%%nFurthermore, Leylines will boost elytra if you fly along the leyline.
The Fae
The Fae are spiritlike creatures that spawn near leylines. Like leylines, they can also only be seen with Mystic Eyes of Fay Sight. Their laughter sounds like bells, and they drop Fae Essence upon death.%%n%%n The Fae are particularly attracted to magic being performed on leypoints. %%n%%nThey are breedable through the use of any Powdered Catalyst.
Fae Essence
Fae Essence is dropped by the fae. Right clicking with fae essence will place a fae circle. Scrolls and stationary circles created by fae essence can be used by anyone. You can claim a fae circle by right clicking it, and it will drain mana from you when used. Most importantly, because Fae Essence is not bound to a user, it is ideal for automated scroll creation.
Mystic Code
The Mystic Code is an item which holds three stacks of scrolls. Shift right click opens the inventory. The keybind %%k switches between the scrolls. Clicking or holding right click uses the currently selected scroll.
Mystic Code - First Sorcery
The Mystic Code - First Sorcery is a variant of the mystic code, which has a set durability, but also allows for the reuse of scrolls it contains.
Mahoujin Projector
The Mahoujin Projector is a decorative block, which simply displayes runes and a magic circle. Right clicking on the block allows you to configure the size, angle, color, speed, etc. You can load in custom circles and runes through the config.
Mana Circuits
Mana Circuits are blocks which store mana. Mana in them can be used by the player when nearby, as long as the player owns the block. Whoever right clicks a mana circuit first after it is placed owns the block. Right click to put mana in. Shift right click to turn it on or off.
Boundaries
Boundaries are a category of AOE spells which operate in a radius around a placed circle, and drain mana on a fixed basis. You can turn them on and off by right clicking them. A redstone signal will also invert their on/off status. %%n%%nBoundaries give off comparator output - 0 when off, 1 when on. %%n%%nLastly, boundary scrolls can be used to quickly place boundaries in another location.
Kodoku
Kodoku refers to the practice of encouraging conflict between a number living things, and then harnessing the strongest surviving thing's essence for power using special Kodoku worms. %%n %%nEvery time a monster kills something, their kodoku value goes up by 1, plus the kodoku value of the monster it killed. When you have a specimen with a high kodoku value, simply place a hungry kodoku worm on it (right-click) and kill the specimen.
Kodoku (cont.)
When a worm consumes the essence of a mob with a high kodoku value, you can simply right-click to pick it up. Worms with high kodoku values have a number of uses. %%n %%nWhen burned, these worms will generate mana for any nearby mana circuits. The amount of mana depends on how close to a leyline the burning occurred. %%n%%nThese worms can also be used for sympathetic magic.
Sympathetic Magic
Sympathetic Magic refers to a symbolic magic, in which a target can be affected remotely through the use of a symbol. %%n%%nTo use a scrying circle for sympathetic magic, it must be actively scrying something. Also, an inventory under the scrying circle must contain Kodoku worms to act as fuel. Worms with higher kodoku values will increase the chance of successful sympathetic magic.
Sympathetic Magic (cont.)
When an active scrying circle with Kodoku worms underneath is set up, simply throw items for various effects on top of the circle. %%n%%nBlaze Powder - Fire%%n%%nRabbit Foot - Hop%%n%%nSplash Potions - Effects%%n%%nGlowstone Dust - Glowing%%n%%n(Effects continued on next page.)
Sympathetic Magic (cont.)
%%nRotten Flesh - Hunger%%n%%nKodoku worms - Misfortune %%n%%nMisfortune applies various effects such as being struck by lightning, dropping items, negative looting, tripping, breaking tools, increased aggro, with chances scaling depending on the quality of the worm.%%n%%n(Effects continued on next page.)
Sympathetic Magic (cont.)
%%nEnder Pearl - Teleports target (Players must have a contract with caster to be teleported)%%n%%nNether Wart - Confusion
Countering Sympathetic Magic
You can counter sympathetic magic against yourself by keeping a worm with a high kodoku value in your inventory. The higher the value, the less likely the magic will succeed against you, and there's even a chance it will be reflected to the caster.
Memorized!
Big Explosion Mode
AOE Mode
Beam Mode
Kodoku
Kodoku Value
Your sympathetic magic has failed.. Perhaps a stronger kodoku?
/mahoukodoku player_name kodoku_value
Misfortune
Confusion
Kodoku Fire Chance
Base chance of setting target on fire with kodoku value 1
Kodoku Splash Potion Chance
Base chance of applying potion to target with kodoku value 1
Kodoku Hop Chance
Base chance of making target jump with kodoku value 1
Kodoku Hunger Chance
Base chance of lowering target hunger with kodoku value 1
Kodoku Misfortune Lightning Chance
Base chance of lightning striking target with kodoku value 1
Kodoku Glow Chance
Base chance of making target glow with kodoku value 1
Kodoku Teleport Chance
Base chance of teleporting target with kodoku value 1
Kodoku Confuse Chance
Base chance of making target confused with kodoku value 1
Kodoku Misfortune Aggro Chance
Base chance of aggroing  with kodoku value 1
Kodoku Misfortune Drop Item Chance
Base chance of dropping a random item with kodoku value 1
Kodoku Misfortune Trip Chance
Base chance of tripping with kodoku value 1
Kodoku Misfortune Loot Divisor
Kodoku value divided by this number, and that many drops are removed from drop tables
Kodoku Misfortune Tool Divisor
Kodoku value divided by this number, and that much extra damage applied to tools on use
Durability Exchange Blacklist
Items on this list will not be considered valid for durability exchange
Gamestages Enabled
If true and gamestages installed, players won't have access to spells til they receive the stage for the category.
Kodoku
Perhaps you need a contract with this target.
Alarm Boundary
Displacement Boundary
Boundary of Drain Life
Gravity Boundary
Tangible Boundary
Enclosure Boundary
Ascension
Equivalent Displacement
Mental Displacement
Ordered Displacement
Projectile Displacement
Protective Displacement
Scrying
Alchemical Exchange
Catalyst Exchange
Chronal Exchange
Contract
Damage Exchange
Durability Exchange
Immunity Exchange
Mystic Eyes of Binding
Mystic Eyes of the Black Flame
Mystic Eyes of Clairvoyance
Death Collection
Fay Sight
Insight
Mystic Eyes of Reversion
Familiars Garden
Shared Vision
Recall Familiar
Summon Familiar
Familiar Exchange
Borrowed Authority
Cup Of Heaven
Shared Pain
Mystic Staff of Explosive Mana Condensation
Rho Aias
Spatial Disorientation
Power Consolidation
Projection
Proximity Projection
Reality Marble
Strengthening
Treasury Projection
Weapon Projectiles
Retribution
Mahoujin