Phantom Steel Boots
Natural Diamond Shovel
Natural Diamond Pickaxe
Natural Diamond Axe
Natural Diamond Sword
Natural Diamond Hoe
Immortal Diamond Shovel
Immortal Diamond Pickaxe
Immortal Diamond Axe
Immortal Diamond Sword
Immortal Diamond Hoe
Dragon Diamond Shovel
Dragon Diamond Pickaxe
Dragon Diamond Axe
Dragon Diamond Sword
Dragon Diamond Hoe
Phantom Diamond Shovel
Phantom Diamond Pickaxe
Phantom Diamond Axe
Phantom Diamond Sword
Phantom Diamond Hoe
Ender's Magic
Only Grows on End Stone
Libro Ender Magica
Items
Blocks
Plants
Mechanics
Ender Apple
This strange fruit enhances the effects of potions and magic. Some Dust Traders say that you can become a beautiful nymph by eating many of them, but some scholars argue that the Dust Trader word for "beautiful nymph" is an improper translation of "purple hag."
Libro Ender Magica - A Guidebook to the End
Myserious laws govern the universe, beyond those which mortals can comprehend. She knows this. She knows all. The knowledge contained in this book is not dangerous, but its use can result in great harm. Learn the lessons obtained from this tome, but do not seek to discover from whence this book has come. Such knowledge is forbidden, and not meant for the fragile minds that will try to understand it.
Ender Arrow
The powerful Enderman will not be able to avoid a true shot from this arrow, and will be paralyzed in its fright. But when the arrow strikes true, the Enderman is freed from its paralysis. Then, the archer should begin to fear.
Purple Pearl
Throwing variant of the Ender Pearl will allow you to teleport other creatures to you, damaging them in the process. Excellent for fast or hard to catch prey.
Blue Pearl
Unlike the Purple Pearl, this one will allow you and your prey to change places, damaging them at the same time.
Teleportation Binder
A dash of Enderite, an Eye of Ender, and some Glowstone is all you need. For a Dark Teleporter, sneak and right click on the base, then right click on another base to link them. For a Static Teleporter, sneak and right click on the base, then right click on the Bone Block to set the one-way destination.