Ender Tall Grass
Ender Orchid
Static Teleporter Base
Dark Teleporter Base
Blast Furnace
Portal
Teleporter Top
Curse Bush
Block of Dragon Charcoal
Block of Natural Charcoal
Block of Immortal Charcoal
Block of Phantom Charcoal
Block of Dragon Steel
Block of Natural Steel
Block of Immortal Steel
Block of Phantom Steel
Block of Enderite
Ender Ore
Chrysofillum Vine
Chrysofillum Flower
Chrysofillum Fruit
Dragon Wood
Natural Wood
Immortal Wood
Phantom Wood
Dragon Leaves
Natural Leaves
Immortal Leaves
Phantom Leaves
Dragon Sapling
Natural Sapling
Immortal Sapling
Phantom Sapling
Dragon Planks
Natural Planks
Immortal Planks
Phantom Planks
Dragon Slab
Natural Slab
Immortal Slab
Phantom Slab
Live Growth
Dead Growth
Frozen Growth
Live End Stone
Dead End Stone
Frozen End Stone
Purple Pearl Seeds
Purple Pearl
Blue Pearl
Ender Arrow
Libro Ender Magica
Ender Apple
Ender Compass
Teleportation Binder
Enderite
Dragon Charcoal
Nature Charcoal
Immortal Charcoal
Phantom Charcoal
Dragon Steel Ingot
Nature Steel Ingot
Immortal Steel Ingot
Ghost Steel Ingot
Compressed Dragon Diamond
Compressed Nature Diamond
Compressed Immortal Diamond
Compressed Ghost Diamond
Natural Steel Shovel
Natural Steel Pickaxe
Natural Steel Axe
Natural Steel Sword
Natural Steel Hoe
Natural Steel Helmet
Natural Steel Chestplate
Natural Steel Leggings
Natural Steel Boots
Immortal Steel Shovel
Immortal Steel Pickaxe
Immortal Steel Axe
Immortal Steel Sword
Immortal Steel Hoe
Immortal Steel Helmet
Immortal Steel Chestplate
Immortal Steel Leggings
Immortal Steel Boots
Dragon Steel Shovel
Dragon Steel Pickaxe
Dragon Steel Axe
Dragon Steel Sword
Dragon Steel Hoe
Dragon Steel Helmet
Dragon Steel Chestplate
Dragon Steel Leggings
Dragon Steel Boots
Phantom Steel Shovel
Phantom Steel Pickaxe
Phantom Steel Axe
Phantom Steel Sword
Phantom Steel Hoe
Phantom Steel Helmet
Phantom Steel Chestplate
Phantom Steel Leggings
Phantom Steel Boots
Natural Diamond Shovel
Natural Diamond Pickaxe
Natural Diamond Axe
Natural Diamond Sword
Natural Diamond Hoe
Immortal Diamond Shovel
Immortal Diamond Pickaxe
Immortal Diamond Axe
Immortal Diamond Sword
Immortal Diamond Hoe
Dragon Diamond Shovel
Dragon Diamond Pickaxe
Dragon Diamond Axe
Dragon Diamond Sword
Dragon Diamond Hoe
Phantom Diamond Shovel
Phantom Diamond Pickaxe
Phantom Diamond Axe
Phantom Diamond Sword
Phantom Diamond Hoe
Ender's Magic
Only Grows on End Stone
Libro Ender Magica
Items
Blocks
Plants
Mechanics
Ender Apple
This strange fruit enhances the effects of potions and magic. Some Dust Traders say that you can become a beautiful nymph by eating many of them, but some scholars argue that the Dust Trader word for "beautiful nymph" is an improper translation of "purple hag."
Libro Ender Magica - A Guidebook to the End
Myserious laws govern the universe, beyond those which mortals can comprehend. She knows this. She knows all. The knowledge contained in this book is not dangerous, but its use can result in great harm. Learn the lessons obtained from this tome, but do not seek to discover from whence this book has come. Such knowledge is forbidden, and not meant for the fragile minds that will try to understand it.
Ender Arrow
The powerful Enderman will not be able to avoid a true shot from this arrow, and will be paralyzed in its fright. But when the arrow strikes true, the Enderman is freed from its paralysis. Then, the archer should begin to fear.
Purple Pearl
Throwing variant of the Ender Pearl will allow you to teleport other creatures to you, damaging them in the process. Excellent for fast or hard to catch prey.
Blue Pearl
Unlike the Purple Pearl, this one will allow you and your prey to change places, damaging them at the same time.
Teleportation Binder
A dash of Enderite, an Eye of Ender, and some Glowstone is all you need. For a Dark Teleporter, sneak and right click on the base, then right click on another base to link them. For a Static Teleporter, sneak and right click on the base, then right click on the Bone Block to set the one-way destination.
Ender Compass
A tool used to more easily locate End Fotresses without having to throw out your Eyes of Ender.
Crystal Compression
Each type of charcoal from the end can make a specific kind of compressed diamond
You must encase the TNT and the charcoal next to each other inside a coccoon of obsidian, covering all faces except where the two are touching.
Set off the TNT, then dig through the obsidian coccoon to reveal the newly made diamond.
Enderite
This mystical material has incredible properties, and can only be found in the End. Malleable enough to shape as desired, yet resistant to corrosion, this substance has amazing build potential. It also forms the basis of an incredible arcane theory involving instant transferrence of material from one location to another. But does your spirit travel with your body?
Ender Ore
Beneath the barren surface of the End lies this miraculous ore. Its properties can cause Ender Orchids to grow directly above it. But be aware that if Ender Grass grows near the Orchids, it may be a trick. Be respectful toward this miraculous ore. After all, she hears everything...
Blast Furnace
A leftover relic of the Dark Blacksmiths, a construction capable of generating incredible heat utilizing the charcoal wrought from End Trees. The Dark Blacksmiths pioneered methods of combining these charcoals with the iron of other dimensions to produce metals of extraordinary quality. The process of creating ender steels is long and arduous, requiring patience and resolve.
Static Teleporter Base
This arcane device can form a resonant bond with Bone Blocks, allowing material to be transported instantaneously between them. The journey, however, is one-way, due to the properties of bone.
Dark Teleporter Base
This device is one of the most powerful ever made by the Dark Blacksmiths, completed just before she decided to intervene and rip the knowledge from them. It can form resonant connections with other Dark Teleporters, allowing travel from one to the other.
Teleporter Top
This device is used to contain and channel any teleporter block's power, keeping it from dissipating back into the universe. It must be placed above a teleporter block, or the arcane power will not coalesce correctly.
Ender Grass
This grass is found on the upper edge of the End, growing sparse and occassionally dropping Purple Pearls. The grass has a strange relationship with the Ender Orchid, often leading astray those who seek the secrets of Enderite.
Ender Orchid
Thse beautiful and exotic flowers are often powered by the strange properties of Ender Ore. They often sproud above veins of the ore. But they also have a mysterious connection with the Ender Grass, fooling would-be explorers and keeping them from the real Ender Ore prize.
Purple Ender Sprout
This plant cannot survive direct sunlight. It prefers the dark and quiet, providing its seeds only when it deems the seeker fit to obtain them.
Curse Bush
There is a reason the Ender Dragon does not stray beyond his primary island. These can grow in the outer darkness of the End, and do not wish to be disturbed. They will not take kindly to intruders.
Compressing Ender Diamonds
You can create unique diamonds using the charcoals of trees in the end. Place a block of the charcoal right next to TNT, and surround both of them with obsidian on all sides. Then set off the TNT with a redstone signal to compress the charcoal into a diamond.
Teleporter Construction
Construction of either kind of teleporter has similar requirements. The Static and Dark Teleporters must both have a block placed on their North, South, East, West, and bottom faces, all of those blocks being of the same material. Then the Teleporter Top must be directly above the teleporters, with blocks of the same material on its North, South, East, West, and top faces. A Teleportation Binder is used to link the Static Teleporter with its destination Bone Block, or Dark Teleporter with another Dark Teleporter. When a redstone signal is applied, whatever is standing on the teleporter will be sent to the linked destination.