Universal Bin
Destroys items, fluids and energy.
Fission Controller (Old)
Build a multiblock reactor using reactor casing, reactor cells, coolers and moderator blocks! Place the controller along an edge, at a corner or within one of the faces of the structure.
This is an old Controller and will use the old reactor rules.
Fission Controller
Fission Controller
Build a multiblock reactor using reactor casing, reactor cells, coolers and moderator blocks! Place the controller along an edge, at a corner or within one of the faces of the structure.
Fission Controller
Fission Controller
Build a multiblock reactor using reactor casing, reactor cells, coolers and moderator blocks! Place the controller along an edge, at a corner or within one of the faces of the structure.
Fission Reactor Port
Place this block in the shell of a fission reactor in place of some reactor casing, but *not* in the top or bottom sides. If a controller is attached to the reactor structure, then its inventory and stored energy can be accessed by automation through this block.
Uranium RTG
Plutonium RTG
Americium RTG
Californium RTG
Produces %s constantly.
Basic Solar Panel
Advanced Solar Panel
DU Solar Panel
Elite Solar Panel
Produces %s constantly during daytime.
Decay Generator
Produces power from the heat generated by the decay of adjacent radioactive blocks. After some time, the blocks will decay and produce less power.
Basic Voltaic Pile
Advanced Voltaic Pile
DU Voltaic Pile
Elite Voltaic Pile
Basic Lithium Ion Battery
Advanced Lithium Ion Battery
DU Lithium Ion Battery
Elite Lithium Ion Battery
Right click a side to read the energy level and right click while sneaking with empty hands to toggle the side's energy connection. Sneaking while placing will maintain the energy connection configuration.
Fusion Core
This is the central part of a multiblock fusion reactor that produces large amounts of energy from the heat generated by a nuclear fusion reaction. The core needs to have a ring of fusion electromagnets around it symmetrically, connected by four sets of fusion connectors on all four sides. The ring, which is actually a square, needs to be hollow and does not require electromagnets to be diagonal to the hollow section - active fluid coolers can be used here instead. Make sure that the far corners are fully squared off, too.