Fairies
Where to find them and how to puree them
The most important attribute of what we call 'fairies' -- and by far the first thing that most young wizards notice -- is that they are extremely annoying. Although they actually appear to be some kind of by-product of mana usage and have nothing resembling sentience, they have a remarkable knack for being in exactly the wrong place at the wrong time. Any time a wizard attempts some great feat of concentration anywhere near fairies, it is almost guaranteed that the little blighters will do their utmost to distract the magical process.
Like unicorns, however, these underworld-native creatures are not entirely useless: if you can catch one and squeeze it into a jar, it provides a magnificent light source. Also, you can use them to make excellent jam.
Spirit Wights
Restless roamers with unfinished business
Little is known about these underworld-native creatures. Those few unfortunate enough to have any interaction with them rarely survive the experience; as a result, the few observations that survive are more to do with how quickly they can disassemble the average wizard than with their patterns or behaviours. As a result, the only real advice for dealing with them is this: if you see one, run. And don't stop.
It is possible to fight a spiritwight. It is even theoretically possible to win, in the same way that it is theoretically possible to win a fist fight with a dragon. Strong potions of harming have proven to have some effect on them, in so far as these things can be measured, and it is possible that a wizard of exceptional power and skill may be able to craft weapons and armour strong enough to successfully oppose them. If this is you, do make sure to tell people; they probably won't believe you, but at least someone will know.
If you decline to fight them -- which, let's be honest, is the only sensible choice -- then do not be deceived by their sluggishness. Spiritwights are slow, lumbering things, but this belies their relentless nature. Once a spiritwight has caught the scent of a wizard, they will hunt them almost to the ends of the earth. When you run from them, keep looking over your shoulder. and don't ever stop for long. They certainly won't.