Now that you saved your spell, check the Spell Recipe bookmark in this book. You will see a list of items that you need to gather and throw into the crafting plate &o&lin order&r. Fill your Mana Battery up with mana, then throw your nacre pearl into the crafting plate. Finally, wait for your spell to craft for a minute. You will be greeted with an explosion of mana around the nacre pearl sitting at the center of the plate. You now have an spell-infused pearl at your disposal. Craft it with an empty staff to mount it to it, then you can use your staff to cast your spell! Congratulations, my friend. You are now a wizard. I fear for the poor animals in the wake of your first pyrokinetics.
Devil Dust
&oDevil dust is a purified form of the conductive Redstone dust, which, instead of conducting electricity, conducts magic.&r
It is made by throwing Redstone into fire. It will fizzle a bit then plop out the hellish dust.
Wisdom Wood
&oWisdom wood is a form of wood that has evolved to parasitically feed on mana, making it useful for making anything that shapes the liquid power. If we could make apprentice cloaks of treated wisdom wood, then we could keep you from using magic at all, and save us the hassle.&r
Any type of wood can be converted into wisdom wood simply by throwing the wood into liquid mana.
Crude Halo
&oThe crude halo is a bad representation of divinity. While it's nowhere near as potent as the Grace of an angel, it... does the job of holding mana, if not bestowing it.&r
If you like wearing baubles and trinkets, you can wear it on your head alongside your armor. Otherwise, it'll have to take the place of your helmet. It may not look as fancy as the real deal, but it'll do.
Orbs
Glass orbs are used to capture both nacre and mana, giving you from these powerful liquids the iridescent Nacre Pearls and the invaluable Mana Orbs.
Mana orbs are made simply by throwing glass orbs into liquid mana.<br>Nacre pearls, on the other hand, require more precision. To get the best quality pearl, you can refer to the third step of becoming a Wizard: Nacre.