To your top left, you will see three sidebars. The top left sidebar is for Shape components. Shape components control how your spell will be cast. IE: If you want it to cast as a beam, as a projectile, upon smacking something, as a zone, etc…
To the right of the Shapes are the Effect components. These control what your spell actually does. If you want a lightning spell, a time slowing spell, a slippery spell, a gravity well, etc…
Below the Shapes are the Event components. These filter &oout&r everything else. For example, when you run a projectile spell, it will run on entities and/or blocks regardless. With an event component, you will be able to affect &oonly&r entities, for example.
To make your first spell, drag a Shape component onto the piece of paper in the center, then drag an effect component to the center. Then hold down right click and drag from the Shape component to the Effect component on your paper, you will see a connecting line. This line's direction matters, and connecting it in reverse won't work. This is because doing it like this tells your spell that it will first run a Projectile Shape, then when that Projectile Shape hits and needs to run its Effect, it will run the Effect you pass into it. The opposite is an Effect shape that doesn't know how to actually start, so it fizzles out.<br>Try this example: Drag a Projectile Shape and a Freeze Effect and right click drag from the Projectile Shape to the Freeze Effect.
This spell is very weak at it's base. You can upgrade it at the cost of more mana or burnout. For example, if you want to add more range to the projectile, click on the Projectile Shape that you placed on your paper, you will see a list of modifiers you can apply on the right. Click the Range modifier to apply it. Click more to apply more.
Once you are satisfied with your spell, click the &oSave&r button on the top right. This will save your spell's recipe into &othis&r codex. You will see a new bookmark in this codex with the recipe of the spell you want to create. So be sure you have this codex on your person when you make a spell.