The first structure is a Mana Battery. This structure is a massive reservoir of mana.<br>As any wizard will quickly learn, this is the center of your powers. The Mana Battery's core can absorb mana far more efficiently than any other method of storage. To fill it, set mana orbs on the pillars in its structure; it will discharge its power to mana orbs outside of the battery's pillars, allowing for automatic and efficient mana transfer out of the battery.
Do note that once you place the mana battery block down, you will see red dots highlighting where blocks of the structures are going to be. Shift right click the block to display a hologram of the structure itself. Adjust the battery's position as you please. Once you finish the structure, no red dots should be flashing.
This structure is technically not required. You could manually replace emptied mana orbs in your other structures to feed them mana, but you'll quickly find that that task is very annoying and tedious to do.
The last structure you will need, and arguably the most important one, is the Crafting Altar. This structure is where you will follow spell recipes, then cap them off with a nacre pearl, to create a pearl capable of casting your spell.<br>How this is done will be recounted in the next entries. For now, build the structure very close by the mana battery structure and fill its pillars with glass orbs or mana orbs to fill the Crafting Plate up with mana.
Note that the mana battery will be able to fill up the orbs in the Crafting Altar's pillars automatically if the battery has been fed with mana. The orbs inside the Altar's structure will fill up the crafting plate.
Step 5: Spell Creation
Learn how to create your very first spell finally
This is the step where you actually make your spells. You're finally ready.<br>To start off, make yourself a Magician's Worktable, and place it down. Once you open it up, you will see several things.<br>It's very important that you carry this codex in your inventory while making a spell. I'll tell you why in a bit.