Ghast Sister
Cute Blaze
Cute Cave Spider
Cute Creeper
Cute Enderman
Cute Ghast
Cute Guardian
Cute Elder Guardian
Cute Magma Cube
Cute Zombie Pigman
Cute Silverfish
Cute Skeleton
Cute Wither Skeleton
Cute Stray
Cute Slime
Cute Spider
Cute Villager
Cute Witch
Cute Wolf
Cute Zombie
Cute Zombie Villager
Cute Husk
Cute Iron Golem
Cute Snow Golem
Cute Mooshroom
This will turn most of the mod on or off. Everything but the Ghast Sister's rendering will be disabled if it's off.
Enable Mod
Enable special options
This will enable special options like scaled hitboxes for most mobs, instead of just replacing them graphically. This decreases compatibility with other mods like mobtalker, since the mobs are replaced with a new one. Once the mod's uninstalled, these mobs will be deleted instead of reverting to original.
Human Mobs Models
Replaces the models with more blocky minecraft-y versions of themselves.
Separate entities
This will spawn the cute mob model enemies as variations of the original mobs instead of replacing the original ones' models, so both can coexist. Note, this disables the regular mob replacement. Requires minecraft to be restarted.
Replace animals
This will replace animals with their humanoid versions. In case you're not comfortable with killing them for food, you can turn it off.
Starting Entity ID
Entity ID offset. This will change the ID number for Ghast Sister/GhastS enemy and any additional mobs such as the separated mobs.
Set up general things here.
General options
Allows you to control which hostile mob models are replaced with Mobtalker designs.
Hostile mob model replacement
Allows you to control which passive mob models are replaced with Mobtalker designs.
Passive mob model replacement
Allows you to change the model scale setting to match the hitboxes.
Hitbox and scale settings
Various mob-related options that didn't fit in the other categories go here.
Other mob settings
This will change the Blaze model into the mobtalker design.
Blaze
This will change the Creeper model into the mobtalker design.
Creeper
This will change the Cave Spider model into the mobtalker design.
Cave Spider
This will change the Enderman model into the mobtalker design.
Enderman
This will change the Ghast model into the mobtalker design.
Ghast
This will change the Guardian model into the mobtalker design.
Guardian
This will change the Zombie Pigman model into the mobtalker design.
Zombie Pigman
This will change the Magma Cube model into the mobtalker design.
Magma Cube
This will change the Silverfish model into the mobtalker design.
Silverfish
This will change the Skeleton model into the mobtalker design.
Skeleton
This will change the Slime model into the mobtalker design.
Slime
This will change the Spider model into the mobtalker design.
Spider
This will change the Witch model into the mobtalker design.
Witch
This will change the Zombie model into the mobtalker design.
Zombie
This will change the Iron Golem model into the mobtalker design.
Iron Golem
This will enable the spawn eggs for both vanilla golems.
Enable Vanilla Golem Spawn Eggs
This will change the Mooshroom model into the mobtalker design.
Mooshroom
This will change the Snow Golem model into the mobtalker design.
Snow Golem
This will change the Villager model into the mobtalker design.
Villager
This will change the Zombie Villager model into the mobtalker design.
Zombie Villager
This will change the Wolf model into the mobtalker design.
Wolf
This will adjust the hitbox to match model's size.
Cave Spider - Use accurate hitbox
This will adjust the model size to match the hitbox's size.
Cave Spider - Use accurate model size
This will adjust the hitbox to match model's size.
Enderman - Use accurate hitbox
This will adjust the model size to match the hitbox's size.
Enderman - Use accurate model size
This will adjust the hitbox to match model's size.
Ghast - Use accurate hitbox
This will adjust the model size to match the hitbox's size.
Ghast - Use accurate model size
This will adjust the hitbox to match model's size.
Guardian - Use accurate hitbox
This will adjust the model size to match the hitbox's size.
Guardian - Use accurate model size
This will adjust the hitbox to match model's size.
MagmaCube - Use accurate hitbox
This will adjust the model size to match the hitbox's size.
MagmaCube - Use accurate model size
This will adjust the hitbox to match model's size.
Silverfish - Use accurate hitbox
This will adjust the model size to match the hitbox's size.
Silverfish - Use accurate model size
This will adjust the model size to match the hitbox's size.
Wither Skeleton - Use accurate model size
This will adjust the hitbox to match model's size.
Slime - Use accurate hitbox
This will adjust the model size to match the hitbox's size.
Slime - Use accurate model size
This will adjust the hitbox to match model's size.
Spider - Use accurate hitbox
This will adjust the model size to match the hitbox's size.
Spider - Use accurate model size
This will adjust the hitbox to match model's size.
Iron Golem - Use accurate hitbox
This will adjust the model size to match the hitbox's size.
Iron Golem - Use accurate model size
This will adjust the hitbox to match model's size.
Mooshroom - Use accurate hitbox
This will adjust the model size to match the hitbox's size.
Mooshroom - Use accurate model size
This will hide the blaze rods floating around Blaze.
Hide Blaze's Blaze rods
This will hide the smoke particles appearing around Blaze.
Hide Blaze's smoke particles
This will allow spawning of the Ghast Sister mob.
Spawn Ghast Sister
This will make the Ghast Sister mob more difficult.
Brutal Ghast Sister
This will make Zombie Pigman extend its arms forward.
Extend Zombie Pigman's arms
When holding a bow, the skeleton will use a different animation.
Skeleton - aimed bow
This will make Zombie extend its arms forward.
Extend Zombie's arms