Grow all of the Artisia crops as arranged in the recipe window to the fully grown stage. Once the multiblock is formed, give it some time to grow a crafting table. This part will then provide you with the GUI version of crafting your unique seeds. Placing a wildwood staff in the appropriate slot will let the recipe eat up crop power instead of the crafting ingredients instead.
The solution to furnaces only cooking a single item at a time, this crop will smelt multiple dropped items at once. After the items are smelted, if they are left alone, the supercrop will smelt them into useless lumps, so pick them up beforehand.
A supercrop that hungers for any nearby living creatures. Once one unlucky victim gets within range, they will shake, and then pounce upon them with large jaws from the earth, swallowing them whole and leaving behind some drops.
An enchanting supercrop, the formation of enchantment magic will depend on the formation of the Hexis crops around it. To figure out if the formation is correct, input the ingredients as shown in JEI recipe (right click Enchantment Table block), then grab a enchantable item in the offhand and rightclick the enchanter with a Wildwood staff. Smoke will appear in places where a Hexis crop is needed.
A supercrop that when rightclicked on, will output a random sequence on pressure plates surrounding it for you to follow. Get the order wrong and the supercrop will go back one stage. Get it right and it will advance a stage. The "demo" mode it will output when rightclicked on can be done as many times as you like, as long as you have not pressed any of the plates afterwards. When rightclicked after being fully grown, its drops can be crafted into a Rubik's cube.
Making this portal to the next world will require bricks you will have to find underground in the overworld.
A rafflesia-like supercrop that holds information about the biome it's planted in. Rightclicking the center with a pixelsius brush will collect that information into it. How much information per random tick will depend on how long the plant has stayed since it was formed.