Based on the old folktale, these crops are quite magical: They must be planted between midnight and dawn, while surrounded on all 4 sides by pumpkins. If it is not planted in this fashion or harvested before midnight, it withers away.
These crops likes being planted in high places, usually on mountains. Also, the higher up they're planted, the faster they can grow when receiving growth ticks.
These dirigible plums seems to be filled with helium, that would explain why some fully grown plums keep flying away! Best to pick up the plums when they drop as soon as possible.
These ender lilies just love to have nearby empty farmland to teleport to. Sometimes they'll even swap places with other kinds of crops. Not crops of the same type as them, though...
Much like breaking in wild horses, these savage plants all have different ways of being grown. Once planted or harvested manually, this book will keep a record of their current demands for each stage of crop growth on the next page. These crops seem to be locked to the players who planted them, so one may have to be ingame in order for them to grow. Additionally, the steps will be different once a fully grown crop is harvested.
Once planted, these sneaky crops will be completely invisible to anyone that doesn't happen to be wearing a certain kind of eyewear. They can be harvested normally once you can see them.
Their thirst for knowledge knows no bounds, these crops will search for nearby bookshelves around them in a small radius, then look into any chest inventory above them for written books to eat letters from. It's good to note that they don't seem to like book copies, and won't eat from the same book twice.
Blazing plants! These prefer the hellish environment of the Nether. Not much to say about their looks other than that they can emit a small amount of light. Once fully grown, these crops will only be successfully harvested when the harvester is on fire, else the plants themselves burst into flames and leave nothing behind.