Unique Crops
Unique Crops
(Description here)
Guide to Unique Crops
Discount Book
Dirigible Plum
Cinder Leaf
Time Dust
Enderlily Twine
Golden Rods
Precision Nugget
Precision Gem
Essence of Savagery
Time Meal
Splash Potion of Reversing Effects
Invisibilia Twine
Invisibilia Feather
Glass Slipper
Weeping Tear
Weeping Eye
Millennium Eye
Upgrade Book
Egg Upgrade
Easy Badge
Dog Residue
Abstract Residue
Legal Stuff
EULA Book
Artisia
Pixel Debris
Blue Dye
Escape Rope
Sundial
Cubey Thingy
Uncooked Waffle
Ferromagnetic Iron
Large Dirigible Plum
Chicken Teriyaki Bowl
Heart of Steve
Potion of Reversing Effects
Potion of Boredom
Golden Bread
Diet Pills
Homestyled Waffle
Yoghurt くコ:彡:
Eggnog
Diamond
Emerald
Lapis Lazuli
Iron Ingot
Gold Ingot
Gold Nugget
Enchanted Book
Precision Axe
Precision Pick
Precision Shovel
Precision Sword
Precision Hammer
3D Glasses
Comfy Poncho
Glass Slippers
Pixel Glasses
Cactus Helmet
Cactus Chestplate
Cactus Leggings
Cactus Boots
Ender Snooker
Hand Mirror
Bat Staff
Thunder Pants
Battery Bean
Detcord
Steel Donut
Goodie Bag
Wildwood Staff
Vampiric Ointment
Flint Ankh
Orb of Good Harvest
Useless Lump
Bunch of Diamonds
Impact Shield
Brass Knuckles
Guide to Unique Multiblocks
Pixelsius Brush
Rubik's Cube
Boiled Milk
Item Magnet
Seven League Boots
Impregnated Leather
Normie Seeds
Precision Seeds
Dirigible Plum Seeds
Weeping Bell Stalk
Scientia Seeds
Ender Lily Seeds
Millennium Seeds
Merlinia Seeds
Invisibilia Seeds
Collis Seeds
Mary Jane Seeds
Musical Plant Seeds
Cinderbella Shoot
Feroxia Spores
EULA Seeds
Dyeius Seeds
Cobblonia Seeds
Abstract Seeds
Devil's Snare Seeds
Wafflonia Seeds
Pixelsius Shoot
Artisia Seeds
Petramia Shoot
Malleatoris Seed
Imperia Seed
Lacusia Seed
Hexis Seed
Power Seed
Fossura Seed
Succo Seed
Instabilis Seed
Donut Seeds
Holiday Jellybeans
Blessed Seed
Magnes Seeds
Melee Emblem
Emblem of the Golden Scarab
Emblem of Transformation
Mighty Miner Emblem
Rainbow Badge
Funyun Ring
Cast-Iron Stomach Emblem
Emblem of the Cobalt Shield
Leaf Badge
The Pacifist's Emblem
The Blacksmith's Emblem
Thrower's Emblem
Bookworm Emblem
Music Disc - 「サンセット Ｎｅｔｗｏｒｋ❾❶」
roadtrip - neon signs
Music Disc - Infinity Frequencies
Into the light - Far away
Music Disc - luxury elite
101.7 WAVE II - simply
Music Disc - glaciære
Water Slide - Taxi Ride Home
Normie
Precision
Dirigible Plums
Weeping Bells
Seed of Knowledge
Ender Lilies
Millennium
Merlinia
Invisibilia
Collis (Goldenrods)
Mary Jane Weed
Musical Essence
Cinderbella
Feroxia
EULA Crop
Dyeius
Cobblonia
Abstract Crop
Wafflonia
Pixelsius
Artisia
Petramia
Malleatoris
Devil's Snare
Imperia
Lacusia
Hexis
Industria
Fossura
Donut Steel
Instabilis
Succo
Magnes
Adventus
Ancient Grass
Ancient Gravel
Ancient Cobblestone
Ancient Mossy Cobblestone
Ancient Brick
Hourglass of Nostalgia
Totem of Sneaky Mobs
Lava Lily
Ice Lily
Jungle Lily
Ender Lily
Dark Block
Sundial
Abstract Barrel
Invisibilia Glass
Detcord
Mirror
Goblet
Sun Block of Fertility
Dried Thatch
Normie Crate
Ruined Bricks
Carved Ruined Bricks
Red Ruined Bricks
Red Ruined Bricks (Ghost)
Harvest Trap
Bucket on a Rope
Flywood Log
Flywood Leaves
Flywood Sapling
Flywood Plank
Egg Basket
Cocito
Fascino
Itero
Lignator
Weatherflesia
Hello and welcome to Unique Crops! Here in this book, you'll find information on the various different crops, and how to grow them. A general rule to remember here is that not all the crops will be grown the same way, so be sure to read up on some of them! Luck favors the prepared, or so they say, heheh. Additionally, what they drop may have various amounts of usefulness. It is completely up to you to find out what's good or not.
Normalish crops. They can be grown like any other vanilla crops. Aside from being one of the ingredients used to craft this book, there is nothing special about them. Randomly drops vanilla crops when harvested.
Based on the old folktale, these crops are quite magical: They must be planted between midnight and dawn, while surrounded on all 4 sides by pumpkins. If it is not planted in this fashion or harvested before midnight, it withers away.
These crops likes being planted in high places, usually on mountains. Also, the higher up they're planted, the faster they can grow when receiving growth ticks.
These dirigible plums seems to be filled with helium, that would explain why some fully grown plums keep flying away! Best to pick up the plums when they drop as soon as possible.
These ender lilies just love to have nearby empty farmland to teleport to. Sometimes they'll even swap places with other kinds of crops. Not crops of the same type as them, though...
Much like breaking in wild horses, these savage plants all have different ways of being grown. Once planted or harvested manually, this book will keep a record of their current demands for each stage of crop growth on the next page. These crops seem to be locked to the players who planted them, so one may have to be ingame in order for them to grow. Additionally, the steps will be different once a fully grown crop is harvested.
Once planted, these sneaky crops will be completely invisible to anyone that doesn't happen to be wearing a certain kind of eyewear. They can be harvested normally once you can see them.
Their thirst for knowledge knows no bounds, these crops will search for nearby bookshelves around them in a small radius, then look into any chest inventory above them for written books to eat letters from. It's good to note that they don't seem to like book copies, and won't eat from the same book twice.
Blazing plants! These prefer the hellish environment of the Nether. Not much to say about their looks other than that they can emit a small amount of light. Once fully grown, these crops will only be successfully harvested when the harvester is on fire, else the plants themselves burst into flames and leave nothing behind.
Like the classic book written by T.H. White, this crop appears to move backwards through time, starting at appearing fully planted, and working backwards to the youngest stage. This only happens when they're given a special kind of bonemeal.
This crop takes a very long time to grow; quite literally a millennia! I'm not even sure what they'll drop. Growth accelerators from other mods are a must.
These crops will grow by dancing to the beat, note block songs, specifically. What kind of songs they'll like is completely up to you. Drops a random music disc.
These bright sparkers are quite precise! So precise, that there is only a small window where they can be successfully harvested to drop anything useful. Take cues from the growth visuals.
They're quite shy, but quite in need of your attentions. Weeping bells will only grow when you're looking directly at them. Once fully grown, do not take your eyes off of them, lest you face their wrath from your attentions being divided elsewhere.
They are quite possibly the most legal crops you can get. Of course, once you get past all the legal mumbo jumbo when planting every single one of them, that is.
Dye plants! Instead of planting the respective dye plants and harvesting said plant for dyes, it is all condensed in one crop, its appearance and respective drops depending on the time of day or night.
Hardy plants! They may look a little rocky, but they can prove to be quite useful in some circumstances. Once fully grown, you may have water on one side of the soil it is on and lava on the opposite side for free cobble being given out at random.
I must admit, I cheated a little in order to snag a picture of one actually planted. These crops, being just an abstract concept, will not materialize into the world as a form of "crops", instead taking its concept of growth from the planter as the planter plays throughout their time on the world.
These plants are pretty crafty! They're the next step you need to get to in order to craft the other seeds. You'll need 9 of them in a 3x3 square, with the center one being grown last. After that, it is just a matter of dropping the desired ingredients on top of the center plant, upon which it will automatically try crafting the output once all 9 plants have the ingredients. The order you put the ingredients in doesn't matter.
These crops like to grow together with other crops of their type, in groups of even numbers divisible by 4. Any crop with an odd-numbered of friends, including themselves, will fail to grow. Harvesting them will yield waffles, part of a delicious breakfast diet.
Thorny plants that grows well in darkness, they will shrink away from bright light sources. Additionally, they will try to spread to adjacent dirt/farmland once fully grown. Fully matured crops will snare and slow down any players that walk through them.
Pixelly, pixelly pixel plants. Starting from the default 16x16 textures, these crops will gradually get more and more high definition as they grow.
Very bedrocky crops, these can only be planted and grown at below 10y. Once fully grown, they will gradually transform all bedrock around and below them into Dark Blocks, which can be picked up by shift-rightclicking them with a Ender Snooker. If mobGriefing gamemode is off, then the crops will instead yield the Dark blocks when rightclicked. The dark blocks have potential use for recipes, and are also very good witherproof blocks.
Crafted using anvils as part of the seed recipe, these are the renewable versions of anvils. To grow, they must have items with durability nearby. The higher the durability of these items, the better the chance they'll advance a stage. This process will consume 10%% of that item's durability. Once fully grown, right clicking it with any repairable item will restore 50%% of that item's max durability.
These imperius crops are known for their strong anti mob spawning policies. Growing them up requires killing the random mobs they spawn, though. Once fully grown, they will prevent mobs from spawning in a 3x3 chunk area around them.
Lacusia crops will transport items from a to b, only along a very flat surface. When a crop next to an inventory is given a redstone signal, it will extract any items from that inventory if available, then transport it along until it finds an available inventory to insert into. When it reaches a junction, it will loop through the directions (S-W-N-E) for the first valid crop/inventory to insert into first. If the junction is given a redstone signal, it will reverse the direction to search in.
Experience crops are fairly straightforward; they will not grow at all unless given experience orbs. Once grown, glass bottles can be used to collect the experience with a right-click. By doing this, there is a 50/50 chance the crop's growth will be reset.
Their photosynthetic process allows them to store up the sun's energy as actual stored energy. A harvest of a fully grown crop will yield beans more powerful than potatoes.
This crop is so hardy, it hardly grows at all. One must mine this hard crop a few times to get it to grow. Once it is grown, it will start to mine out the chunk it is in, starting at the level it is planted on. If there is no chest above it to collect the mined blocks, it will spawn one of the blocks above it and wait until it is air. This quarry crop requires wheat crops to be planted around it, so it can then steal their attempts to grow in order to do its mining.
An original crop, licensed and copyrighted by EULA crop. Original content, donut steel. May pop out of the ground and try to kill you if you harvest it. A method exists where all damage you take from trying to hit them can be redirected may exist, somewhere.
The metastable crops exist in a state where delicate harvesting is needed to handle them. Bring shears, lest you yield nothing when the whole crops break. They need to be surrounded by each other in order to grow.
These crops suck, but that doesn't mean they are useless. By setting up a mirror that faces a farmland plot, one can plant/harvest vampire crops by clicking on the mirror. They will only reveal themselves through the mirror's reflection, and will only grow during a new moon.
They are crops with a magnetic personality. In fact, they are so magnetic, they can be attracted to one another. Growing two crops of opposing polarities at a distance more than one block apart will make them move towards each other. The farther apart they are, the more likely they will drop their item. One can use a blue or red dye to change their respective polarity.
The Guide
The Multiblocks
Craft with any tool or armor. Makes subsequent repairs cheaper.
Stuff this in a chicken to make it lay eggs faster.
Combine with tools and armor that can be upgraded in an anvil.
Go hunt for mobs wearing boots with this in your inventory.
Keep in hotbar. Makes some mobs easier to deal with.
Players being disruptive in court? Throw the book at them!
Consumable item: Sends the player to the highest block directly above them. Works in the nether.
Emits redstone signal based on the time of day you set it at.
GET RID OF THOSE PESKY BATS. NO DROPS.
Blocks arrow damage so long as you have a shield equipped in the off hand.
Automatically fills up your hunger at the cost of emblem's durability.
Grants an appetite for certain metals and gems.
Gain additional toughness for each piece of armor above leather tier.
Reduces recharge time on attack strength.
Enables faster block mining as long as the main hand has no items equipped.
Allows shearing sheep for wool of a random color.
Nullifies all potion effects, good or bad.
Has a chance of transforming a mob when hitting them.
Reduces all damage you give and take to 0.
Any work done on an anvil will not damage the anvil.
Any thrown items will have farther distance. Some will hurt.
Makes enchanted books edible. The more enchantments on one, the more filling.
Rightclick on any non-player, non-boss creature.
Put in a goblet placed on the ground.
Sneak around on carpet to build up static electricity!
Rightclick to open GUI. Crouch + rightclick to set teleport.
Absorbs damage while blocking with it. Explodes on last durability, followed by a cooldown.
A bunch of diamonds!
When powered, allows certain crops directly adjacent to it to ignore their own growth conditions.
Boots that are speedy. Sprinting will give a brief burst of speed. Strength depends on upgrade level.
Pulls in nearby items. The higher the upgrade level, the bigger the range.
Feroxia growth conditions
Plantable crops
General things
REEEEE
Obtain a Normie seed.
Arr Tee Eff Em
Craft the Guide book.
Crafty plants
Craft some Artisia seeds.
Abstract concepts
Obtain Abstract seeds.
Glitter for one night
Obtain Cinderbella seeds.
Generating cobblestone
Obtain Cobblonia seeds.
High on the Goldenrods
Obtain Collis seeds.
Ensnaring your enemies
Obtain Devil's Snare seeds.
Floaty plums
Obtain Dirigible Plum seeds.
16 colors to day and night
Obtain Dyeius seeds.
Endermen's favorite plants
Obtain Ender lily seeds.
Legally binding
Obtain EULA seeds.
Wild and undomesticated
Obtain Feroxia spores.
By order of the Emperor
Obtain Imperia seeds
Is it there?
Obtain Invisibilia seeds.
Making repairs
Obtain Malleatoris seeds.
April 20th
Obtain Mary Jane seeds.
Living backwards in time
Obtain Merlinia seeds.
Some things can take a while
Obtain Millennium seeds.
Two to the one to the three
Obtain Musica seeds.
They planted too deep
Obtain Petramia seeds.
Mosaic hell
Obtain Pixelsius seeds.
Best before <Expiration date>
Obtain Precision seeds.
Scientia sit potentia
Obtain Scientia seeds.
Part of every balanced diet
Obtain Wafflonia seeds.
Don't look away
Obtain Weeping Bells stalks.
Skilled Farming
Obtain Hexis seeds.
From point A to point B
Obtain Lacusia seeds.
Feelin' Festive
Pick up some Holiday Jellybeans.
Original block, do not steal
Obtain Donut Steel seeds.
Miney miney crops
Obtain Fossura seeds.
Unstable to the touch.
Obtain Instabilis seeds.
Lacking reflections of thyself
Obtain Succo seeds.
Solar powered Flux
Obtain Industria seeds.
How do they work?
Obtain Magnes seeds.
Self-sacrifice
Obtain a Heart of Steve.
Saturating chicken dinner
Obtain Chicken Teriyaki.
Wild Beginnings
Craft or obtain a Wildwood Staff for the first time.
Needs a full moon.
Player must be on fire.
Farm soil must be dry.
Player must be holding a torch.
Must be grown in the nether.
Must grow in darkness.
Must grow above 126y.
Farmland must be directly above it.
Surround with lilypads.
Leave some food on top of it.
Leave a water bucket on top of it.
Keep some chickens near it.
Requires redstone signal next to it.
Does not like direct sunlight.
Likes to have a lot of light.
Likes to be completely surrounded by nether warts.
Likes to have nearby furnaces smelting stuff.
Likes to have nearby brewing stands brewing stuff.
Likes a checker pattern of its buddies around it.
Don't bonemeal the crop at this stage.
Wait for demands to sacrifice yourself
Enchantment already exists on item.
Not enough Crop Power to start enchanting. Cost:
Uknown enchantment recipe.
Enchantable item not found or is unenchantable.
Not all hexis crops are present.
Minimum crop growth requirements not met:
PLEASE READ THIS END-USER LICENSE AGREEMENT CAREFULLY BEFORE CLICKING THE "I AGREE" BUTTON, PLANTING OR USING THE CROPS. BY CLICKING THE "I AGREE" BUTTON, PLANTING OR USING THE CROPS, YOU ARE AGREEING TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS AND CONDITION OF THIS AGREEMENT. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT, DO NOT CLICK ON THE "I AGREE" BUTTON AND DO NOT PLANT OR USE THE CROPS.
MY MOD GRANTS YOU A REVOCABLE, NON-EXCLUSIVE, NON-TRANSFERABLE, LIMITED LICENSE TO PLANT, GROW AND USE THE CROPS SOLELY FOR YOUR PERSONAL, NON-COMMERCIAL PURPOSES STRICTLY IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT.
YOU AGREE NOT TO, AND YOU WILL NOT PERMIT OTHERS TO: A) LICENSE, SELL, RENT, LEASE, ASSIGN, DISTRIBUTE, TRANSMIT, HOST, OUTSOURCE, DISCLOSE OR OTHERWISE COMMERCIALLY EXPLOIT THE CROPS OR MAKE THE CROPS AVAILABLE TO ANY THIRD PARTY.
MY MOD RESERVES THE RIGHT TO MODIFY, SUSPEND OR DISCONTINUE, TEMPORARILY OR PERMANENTLY, THE CROPS OR ANY SERVICE TO WHICH IT CONNECTS, WITH OR WITHOUT NOTICE AND WITHOUT LIABILITY TO YOU.
THIS AGREEMENT SHALL REMAIN IN EFFECT UNTIL TERMINATED BY YOU OR MY MOD. MY MOD MAY, IN ITS SOLE DISCRETION, AT ANY TIME AND FOR ANY OR NO REASON, SUSPEND OR TERMINATE THIS AGREEMENT WITH OR WITHOUT PRIOR NOTICE. THIS AGREEMENT WILL TERMINATE IMMEDIATELY, WITHOUT PRIOR NOTICE FROM MY MOD, IN THE EVENT THAT YOU FAIL TO COMPLY WITH ANY PROVISION OF THIS AGREEMENT. YOU MAY ALSO TERMINATE THIS AGREEMENT BY
DELETING THE MOD AND ALL COPIES THEREOF FROM YOUR MODPACK OR FROM YOUR DESKTOP. UPON TERMINATION OF THIS AGREEMENT, YOU SHALL CEASE ALL USE OF THE MOD AND REMOVE ALL INSTANCES OF THE CROPS FROM YOUR FARMS.
IF ANY PROVISION OF THIS AGREEMENT IS HELD TO BE UNENFORCEABLE OR INVALID, SUCH PROVISION WILL BE CHANGED AND INTERPRETED TO ACCOMPLISH THE OBJECTIVES OF SUCH PROVISION, TO THE GREATEST EXTENT POSSIBLE UNDER APPLICABLE LAW AND THE REMAINING PROVISIONS WILL CONTINUE IN FULL FORCE AND EFFECT.
MY MOD RESERVES THE RIGHT, AT ITS SOLE DISCRETION, TO MODIFY OR REPLACE THIS AGREEMENT AT ANY TIME. IF A REVISION IS MATERIAL WE WILL PROVIDE AT LEAST 30 DAYS' NOTICE PRIOR TO ANY NEW TERMS TAKING EFFECT. WHAT CONSTITUTES A MATERIAL CHANGE WILL BE DETERMINED AT OUR SOLE DISCRETION.
To get started with multiblocks, which is the act of transforming a set of blocks placed into the world into another set of blocks, you need a catalyst. The usual catalyst will be the wildwood staff, along with whatever power is stored in it that the recipes will ask for. Arrange the set of blocks in the world as shown by the recipe input grid, and rightclick the center of the arrangement with the catalyst. If the catalyst is not a wildwood staff, then it is a consumable item.
Grow all of the Artisia crops as arranged in the recipe window to the fully grown stage. Once the multiblock is formed, give it some time to grow a crafting table. This part will then provide you with the GUI version of crafting your unique seeds. Placing a wildwood staff in the appropriate slot will let the recipe eat up crop power instead of the crafting ingredients instead.
The solution to furnaces only cooking a single item at a time, this crop will smelt multiple dropped items at once. After the items are smelted, if they are left alone, the supercrop will smelt them into useless lumps, so pick them up beforehand.
A supercrop that hungers for any nearby living creatures. Once one unlucky victim gets within range, they will shake, and then pounce upon them with large jaws from the earth, swallowing them whole and leaving behind some drops.
An enchanting supercrop, the formation of enchantment magic will depend on the formation of the Hexis crops around it. To figure out if the formation is correct, input the ingredients as shown in JEI recipe (right click Enchantment Table block), then grab a enchantable item in the offhand and rightclick the enchanter with a Wildwood staff. Smoke will appear in places where a Hexis crop is needed.
A supercrop that when rightclicked on, will output a random sequence on pressure plates surrounding it for you to follow. Get the order wrong and the supercrop will go back one stage. Get it right and it will advance a stage. The "demo" mode it will output when rightclicked on can be done as many times as you like, as long as you have not pressed any of the plates afterwards. When rightclicked after being fully grown, its drops can be crafted into a Rubik's cube.
Making this portal to the next world will require bricks you will have to find underground in the overworld.
A rafflesia-like supercrop that holds information about the biome it's planted in. Rightclicking the center with a pixelsius brush will collect that information into it. How much information per random tick will depend on how long the plant has stayed since it was formed.
A kind of early-game solution to automatically cutting down trees. Create one in the center of a tree farm, and they will periodically grow a block higher, as high as the highest tree block it can find, cutting it down and any nearby logs. When it cannot find any more, the growth is reset. Caution should be taken in cultivating more than one Lignator, as they can chop down other Lignators.
Seed Crafting Recipe
Hourglass Conversion
Cocito Smelting Recipe
Crop Powered Enchanting
Randomly ticks crops in an area around and on the same Y level as it is. Occasionally there is a chance that yellow sparks will emit from the block. Rightclicking it will provide crops around it a speed boost for a short time. Cannot be placed near other harvest traps.
When held in the offhand, along with the Wildwood Staff in the main hand, the orb boosts the range in which to search for nearby vanilla crops to steal growth ticks from.
This staff uses the power of crops to construct multiblocks, enchant, and so on. To fill it up with crop power, one must have vanilla crops growing nearby, in order to steal their growth ticks.
Setting this inside the center of a Weatherflesia will set its biome to that the Weatherflesia is constructed in. Additionally, the Weatherflesia will charge up the brush, the strength of the charge depending on the length of time from when it was constructed.
+10 Upgrade: Axe gives beheading abilities to the player who wields it against mobs.
+10 Upgrade: Sword will now ignore the invulnerability time of the victims.
+10 Upgrade: Breaking sand and gravel will not cause the blocks to fall.
+10 Upgrade: Grants the pickaxe the ability to pick up mob spawners and silverfish blocks.
+10 Upgrade: Grants night vision to the wearer when in darkness.
+10 Upgrade: Will make most mobs ignore the wearer.
Charge speed scales up with upgrade level.
+10 Upgrade: Will let the player see unusually pink blocks deep underground when using pixel vision.
The Flint Ankh will save any items adjacent to it in the inventory in a 3x3 grid pattern, with the Ankh as the center. It will take damage each time the player dies with it in their inventory.
Unique Crops
Toggle Glasses Shader
Battle Crop
%1$s got dusted
Set upgrade level [1-10]
Held item either empty or not upgradeable.