Steam Hammer
The Steam Hammer, much like its smaller handheld brother, smashes things. It replaces the function of said handheld brother, and can also pulverise stone into cobblestone, and then further into sand and gravel. Further to this, the hammer can also be used to reshape objects rather than simply 'deconstructing' them. Plates of metal flatted from ingots can undergo further shaping by placing the appropriate 'die' on the hammer head (right click). Shielding can optionally be placed into the sides of the hammer to prevent things wandering into the crush zone. 
Transport/Storage
Canisters
The Steampunk's premier portable fluid storage method. Holds the equivalent of eight buckets of fluid in a safely enclosed capsule.
Fluid Hopper
Acts exactly like the hopper you're used to, but transports fluids instead of items. It does so at a rate of a bucket per second.
Pneumatic Transport
The pneumatics system provides a simple solution for rapid short-distance item transfer. A sender should be placed against the source inventory. Ensure it is facing away from the inventory. Then a maximum of sixteen pneumatic tubes can be placed in a straight line away from the sender. After the tubes a router should then be placed to close the system. One item a second will then be transferred from the source inventory to the router. For longer distance transport the use of minecarts is strongly recommended. 
Basic Fluid Tank
The basic fluid tank holds sixteen buckets of fluid. Shift right clicking will display the current fluid level of the tank in mB.
Fluid Tank
The larger brother of the basic fluid tank. Must be built as a complete hollow cuboid, and the tank's capacity is determined by its interior volume. 
Alchemical
Creating vats
The vat is a large open tank designed for mixing fluids and items. One of the vat's main functions is making ore processing more effective via the use of sulphuric acid. Sulphuric acid dissolves the ore into solution which can then be distilled to return some of the sulphuric acid and crystalline metal. This crystalline metal must then be smelted to make it less brittle.