Steam Age Revolution
%s Solution
%s Lattice
%s Heavy Ore
%s Heavy Ore Tell
Charcoal Powder
Fluid Canister
Hammer
Gear Die
TEST Die
Clockwork Wings
Steam-Powered Sword
Steam-Powered Pickaxe
Steam-Powered Shovel
Steam-Powered Axe
Steam-Powered Hoe
Drill Base
Stone Drill
Gold Drill
Iron Drill
Diamond Drill
Rocketfist
Entrenching Tool
Flask
Lens
Goggles
Seam Miner Cart
Ore Carrier Cart
Fluid IO
Casting Block
Steamer Trunk
Steam Vent
Fume Collector
Pneumatic Sender
Pneumatic Tube
Pneumatic Router
Boiler Casing
Boiler Water Input
Boiler Pressure Monitor
Boiler Pressure Valve
Boiler Solid Firebox
Boiler Liquid Firebox
Boiler Steam Output
Boiler Gauge
Steam Hammer Head
Steam Hammer Structure
Steam Hammer Anvil
Steam Hammer Shielding
Tank Casing
Tank Valve
Tank Window
Steam Furnace Casing
Steam Furnace Injector
Alloy Forge Frame
Alloy Forge Output
Alloy Forge Hardened Frame
Alloy Forge Input
Steam Furnace Item Input
Steam Furnace Item Output
Steam Furnace Steam Input
Crucible Item Input
Crucible Steam Input
Crucible Fluid Output
Crucible Casing
Steelworks Frame
Steelworks Carbon Input
Steelworks Iron Input
Steelworks Output
Steelworks Steam Input
Kiln Frame
Kiln Door
Kiln Steam Input
Kiln Window
Vat Frame
Vat Output
Vat Input
Distiller Radiator
Distiller Hotplate
Distiller Fluid Output
Distiller Tank
Distiller Fluid Input
Distiller Item Output
Fluid Hopper
Charcoal Block
Grinder Frame
Grinder Blades
Grinder Output
Dead Inventor
Seam Miner Cart
Carrier Cart
A New Age
Now craft a hammer
Hammertime
Pulverise zinc and copper, combine the two...
Brass Monkeys
A new material! The foundation of everything to come...
Multiblock is missing required part: %s
Interior of the alloy forge must be filled with lava
Bottom layer of the Distiller must be composed entirely of radiator blocks
Second-from-bottom layer of the Distiller must be composed entirely of hotplate blocks
Steam
Sulphur Dioxide
Sulphuric Acid
Liquid Glowstone
Slime
%1$s was flattened.
%1$s's lungs dissolved.
%1$s became a part of the solution.
%1$s took a bullet to the knee.
%1$s got left in the dust.
Steam Age Guide
DEPRECATED. Install Patchouli.
This brassbound tome will be your guide to the world of steam and steel. Filler page icon is from $(l:https://game-icons.net/lorc/originals/pokecog.html)game-icons.net$()
Getting started
The hammer
§lRockbreaker!§r The hammer is used to break down materials into their constituent parts. In other words, smashing things to bits. Particularly useful for pulverising ores into dusts that can then be combined to allow creation of alloys. Soon, you will be able to build a machine that automates this repetitive rock breaking. The hammer is also useful in shaping metals for use in machines - hammering ingots will create plates.
New ores
Several new materials will be used in the creation of the machines to come. Copper can be found in the upper layers of the world, while Zinc is to be found slightly lower. Both materials are fairly abundant. They may be directly smelted into ingots, or the hammer can break them into dust.
Brass creation
§oDown to brass tacks.§r Combining copper and zinc gives an important new material - brass. Brass is strong while also being easy to machine. It is also quite conductive and ductile. A jack of all trades, master of none kind of alloy if you will. Initially, brass can be created by mixing copper and zinc powder to give brass powder that is then smelted into brass ingots. 
Industrialization
Proper Machines
Many processes are too complex to take place within the confines of a single block space. Thus you must create multiblocks by placing a series of machine blocks in the world, in a particular shape. This is often rectangular. You can shift-right-click on any multiblock part and it will tell you the multiblock's status. 
Boiler
The hissing heart of any Steampunk's factory. Squat and brassy, this multiblock is to be fed fuel through fireboxes placed in the bottom, and water through the sides. Steam is then output from either the sides or top of the boiler. Warning! Don't let the boiler sit idle without anywhere to output its steam else pressure will begin to build up. That may have explosive results. Pressure monitors allow you to detect this by emitting a redstone signal of strength relative to pressure and valves will release pressure when given a redstone signal. The use of valves is wasteful since it allows steam to escape.
Crucible
§oBy fire!§r The crucible is a multiblock used to melt metals of all shapes so that it may more easily feed other machines. Built mainly of copper to ensure heat is conducted efficiently and fed by steam from boilers. Unlike other smeltery designs you may be familiar with, the crucible is enclosed on all six sides. Item and steam inputs, and fluid outputs, may be placed anywhere in the crucible's structure except in the outer frame. Should one wish to allow the molten metal to cool for further processing and shaping, the Casting Block will take 1296mB of molten metal and allow it to cool into a solid block.
Alloy Forge
The alloy forge is a much more efficient way of alloying metals than manually mixing the appropriate dusts and then smelting. It must contain lava, flowing or otherwise, completely filling its interior. Taking a base of molten copper and adding molten zinc will result in molten brass.
Steelworks
While brass is an extremely versatile material, some applications require more strength. Constructing a machine from heat-resistant materials found in the Nether allows you to safely attain the high temperatures required for the production of steel. Given a working pool of molten iron equivalent to nine blocks (11664mB) and provided with carbon and injected steam, molten steel will be output at a rate of one nugget per operation.
Steam Hammer
The Steam Hammer, much like its smaller handheld brother, smashes things. It replaces the function of said handheld brother, and can also pulverise stone into cobblestone, and then further into sand and gravel. Further to this, the hammer can also be used to reshape objects rather than simply 'deconstructing' them. Plates of metal flatted from ingots can undergo further shaping by placing the appropriate 'die' on the hammer head (right click). Shielding can optionally be placed into the sides of the hammer to prevent things wandering into the crush zone. 
Transport/Storage
Canisters
The Steampunk's premier portable fluid storage method. Holds the equivalent of eight buckets of fluid in a safely enclosed capsule.
Fluid Hopper
Acts exactly like the hopper you're used to, but transports fluids instead of items. It does so at a rate of a bucket per second.
Pneumatic Transport
The pneumatics system provides a simple solution for rapid short-distance item transfer. A sender should be placed against the source inventory. Ensure it is facing away from the inventory. Then a maximum of sixteen pneumatic tubes can be placed in a straight line away from the sender. After the tubes a router should then be placed to close the system. One item a second will then be transferred from the source inventory to the router. For longer distance transport the use of minecarts is strongly recommended. 
Basic Fluid Tank
The basic fluid tank holds sixteen buckets of fluid. Shift right clicking will display the current fluid level of the tank in mB.
Fluid Tank
The larger brother of the basic fluid tank. Must be built as a complete hollow cuboid, and the tank's capacity is determined by its interior volume. 
Alchemical
Creating vats
The vat is a large open tank designed for mixing fluids and items. One of the vat's main functions is making ore processing more effective via the use of sulphuric acid. Sulphuric acid dissolves the ore into solution which can then be distilled to return some of the sulphuric acid and crystalline metal. This crystalline metal must then be smelted to make it less brittle.
Sulphuric acid
Sulphuric acid is created from sulphur dioxide and water in a vat. Sulphur dioxide is collected by the Fume Collector when placed on top of a vanilla furnace and sulphur crystals are used as fuel for that furnace. 
Industrial Potions
Potions can be brewed at an industrial scale using vats. Fill the vat with water and then throw in nether wart to make the Awkward Solution. Any potion may be created by this method. To consume these potions, a FluidIO can place them into a Flask, which will hold three buckets worth of the potion. Potions are drunk a bucket at a time.
Material Synthesis
Vats may also be used to synthesise uncommon materials. Combining lava and redstone dust will produce liquid glowstone, which can then be solidified in the casting block. Combining water, sugar, dirt and rotten flesh will synthesise slime which may then be distilled into its solid form. 
Other Utilities
Fluid IO
The Fluid IO will transfer fluids from its internal buffers into items that can hold fluids such as buckets or canisters, and vice versa.
Steam Vent
On a redstone signal, consumes steam to shoot a hot steam jet in the direction it is facing, scalding all in its path. Right click with a wrench to adjust facing direction. 
Clockwork Wings
§oDon't fly too close to the sun, Icarus§r The clockwork wings provide a very rudimentary form of flight. By repeatedly tapping the jump key the player can move vertically, and then holding shift will allow them to glide downwards. The process is slower than Elytra. Furthermore, the player cannot boost themselves above Y160, and the process of manually flapping the wings is very labour intensive meaning it will drain hunger very fast. Provided the player has energy left, the wings will also protect the player from fall damage. 
Steam-Powered Tools
Unbreakable tools fuelled by harnessing the raw power of steam. Fill the tool's internal buffer with a Fluid IO or equivalent, and use like any other tool. When the internal tank empties and the tool stops functioning, simply re-fill. Easy. 
Decorative items
Items designed to give a steampunk twist to your home decor. Our range currently includes the Steamer Trunk, equivalent to a single chest.