Vectors 101
Vectors are an essential component to Spell Inscribing. Many vectorial operations here included are very elementary, such as sum or subtraction. The red piece of this set, "Operator: Vector Construct" creates a Vector given the X, Y and Z coordinates. Try using it with "Trick: Add Motion" to make a spell that makes you jump up.<br><br>Regarding another complicated piece in this group: A Cross Product of two vectors is a vector that is perpendicular to both. You can make use of this to get a vector that goes to the player's side, by executing the Cross Product of the player's look vector and (0, 1, 0), which you can get with "Operator: Vector Construct". 
Entities 101
Entities are an essential component to Spell Inscribing. While using components like "Selector: Caster" it's possible to get the person casting the spell, the runes included here allow for targeting other entities in the world.<br><br>You can make use of the runes here to create spells that affect other entities. Try using it with "Trick: Add Motion" on them instead of yourself.
Alternative Casting
Aside from the standard Spell Nodes, alternate spell nodes can be created, that allow for spells to be casted in different ways.<br><br>Projectile Spell Nodes, instead of casting the spell straight away, emit a projectile, that casts the spell upon colliding with something. Grenade Spell Nodes function similarly to the Projectile ones, but create a "grenade" style projectile that is affected by gravity and explodes (casting the spell) after 3 seconds of being fired. Charge Spell Nodes work like the Grenade ones, but will only cast the spell when ignited by a Spell Detonator item. Mine Spell Nodes also work like the Grenade ones, and will cast the spell once an entity walks into them and walks out. Circle Spell Nodes create a Spell Circle where the caster is looking, the spell is cast on the position of the spell circle 20 times over the course of 5 seconds.<br><br>The usage of alternative nodes like these requires the introduction of the "Selector: Focal Point" piece, which selects the Focal Point of the spell. For normal Spell Nodes, the Focal Point is the player itself, whereas for Projectile (or any of the derivate) Spell Nodes, the Focal Point is the projectile entity. Naturally, for Circle Spell Nodes, the Focal Point will be the spell circle. "Selector: Caster" always remains unchanged.<br><br>The 32 block limit on spells exists around the Focal Point, so these alternate spell nodes allow for spell effects to happen farther away. Furthermore, a spell can always affect its Caster, even if the Caster is outside the 32 block radius of the Focal Point. The Spell Detonator item can only detonate charges in a 32 block radius.<br><br>The other piece of the group, "Selector: Ruler Vector" is to be used with a Vector Ruler. This item allows you to define a vector in world. Shift-right click a block to set the source and normal right click another to set the destination. When you use the selector, it gets the vector you selected. In the case that you have multiple Vector Rulers on you, the first one is used, hotbar taking priority.