Trigonometry
This group includes operators relevant to trigonometric functions. The red piece of this group: "Constant: Pi" is exactly what it says on the tin, a constant that gives you the value of Pi.<br><br>The group includes elementary trigonometric operations: sin, cos, asin and acos. The latter two being the inverse operators of sin and cos, also known as "sin^-1" or "cos^-1".<br><br>Lastly, "Operator: Vector Dot Product" gives you the Dot Product of two vectors, the product of the two vectors' magnitudes and the cosine of the angle between them. Using "Operator: Arc Cosine" on the result will allow you to get the angle between two vectors.
Smeltery
The runes included in this group are very simplistic in the way they function, as both revolve around the concept of smelting things into other things as if they were put in a furnace.<br>"Trick: Smelt Item" will smelt a dropped item (Entity) in the world into its smelted counterpart, one item at a time.<br><br>"Trick: Smelt Block" will smelt a block in the world into its smelted version, provided it's also a block. So while Cobblestone may be turned into Stone, Wood can't be turned into Charcoal. 
Flow Control
Flow Control is a somewhat complex subject. All the runes here included allow for a spell to function in wildly different manners from what was available in your arsenal before. However, understanding how to properly use these runes requires knowledge of the very internals of the spellcasting system. There are a few basic rules to be taken in mind to properly understand these concepts:<br>1. Spells execute in the order that the arrows drawn in the Spell Inscriber point towards.<br>2. Any given piece's value will only be evaulated once. Any further runes that require its value will just get the value evaluated the first time. For example, 3 instances of "Trick: Debug" pointing to the same "Operator: Random" will all print out the same value, as the random output will only be evaluted once.<br>3. A piece will only be evaluated when another piece requires its value. These chains are triggered by the Trick runes.<br>4. Tricks are always executed from left to right and top to bottom. Therefore, a Trick in the second row will always be executed after a trick in the first.<br><br>With that in mind, let's start off with the red piece of this group, "Trick: Sleep". This piece causes the spell to delay any further execution for the amount of ticks passed in. Knowing the order in which tricks execute, thanks to rule 4, putting this in the right place shouldn't be too hard. For those unaware, a Tick is a 1/20 fraction of a second. So if you wish to delay further processing of a spell by half a second, you would use 10 as the "Time" parameter. "Trick: Sleep" does not add any Projection to your spell, but does add Potency.<br><br>"Trick: Evaluate" is a trick that does absolutely nothing. Yes, you heard that right. This trick does nothing. It doesn't increment any stats on your spell either. Its only application is to make use of rule 2, and evaluate a value before a Sleep is executed, allowing you to, for example, get the position where an entity was, with "Selector: Entity Position", before the Sleep is applied, for a trick used after said Sleep.<br><br>"Trick: Die" is a Flow Control piece in the proper sense of the term. It takes a simple Number parameter, and if that number lies between -1 (exclusive) and 1 (also exclusive) it'll stop the spell's execution right then and there. Any other values will have the spell continue as usual. This piece doesn't add Projection. A very simple way to put it to use is to utilize "Selector: Sneak Status", which convinentely gives you 0 if the caster is sneaking and 1 if they're not. Almost as if they were made to go together!<br><br>"Constant: Wrapper" allows you to make use of Number type runes for tricks that would otherwise require a Number Constant. As you should know by now, the constant value given to a trick allows for calculation of the various stats of the spell before you even cast it, this being the normal reason variable numbers can't be fed into a trick. "Constant: Wrapper" requires two numbers, a constant one and a normal one. The constant value given to the piece will be the one used for any statistical calculation, whereas the normal number will be the one used for when the spell is actually put into use. The normal number's value will be capped out at the value of the constant one during spell execution, to prevent any sort of tomfoolery. The normal number is also always converted to a positive or negative number, depending on the sign of the constant number, so that the signs of both numbers match. If the constant number is 0, the result of this evaluation is always 0, regardless of the value of the normal number.