Blockworks
Working with blocks is an essential skill. As blocks are aligned to a grid in the world, you can refer to a block's position via a Vector, so knowledge of the Vector concepts is rather important for understanding the contents of Blockworks.<br><br>Two of the most basic runes in this group are the "Place Block" and "Break Block" Tricks. They take a Vector and either place, and break a block in the position respective to it. For the case of "Trick: Place Block", the block placed is the one to the right of the player's Rod, on the hotbar. Of course, one of those blocks is taken from the player's inventory. Knowing where to place or break a block is easy, as it can be done through "Operator: Vector Raycast".<br><br>There is something we have to keep in mind, however. A standard implementation of "Operator: Vector Raycast" gives us the block the player is looking at, we can't place a block there, as one already exists! To remedy that, we can combine our "Operator: Vector Raycast" with the new "Operator: Vector Axis Raycast" piece, which gives us a vector equivalent to the side of the block we're looking at, so if we're looking at the top of the block, it'll give us a axial vector (0, 1, 0). We can then sum that, using "Operator: Vector Sum" to the result of our raycast to get where to place our block!<br><br>In a similar fashion, "Operator: Entity Axial Look" gets an axial vector equivalent to the axis the player is looking at. Think of the "Facing" value in your F3 menu. "Operator: Entity Axial Look" does something similar. Say "Facing" would say "east", then "Operator: Entity Axial Look" would get you a vector (1, 0, 0). This, unlike the "Facing" value also detects when you're looking up and down.<br><br>The other two tricks available here are "Trick: Place Block Sequence" and "Trick: Break Block Sequence", the latter being the red piece for this group. These tricks break or place a line of blocks. Similarly to the standard break and place tricks, they require a position to start off, but they also require another Vector, "Target", that defines the line in which it should interact. So if "Target" is (0, 4, 0), it'll place or break 4 blocks up, starting from the value of "Position". The last component to these tricks is "Max", this is a number constant for the maximum amount of blocks the trick is allowed to break or place. Since the vector requirements aren't constant, this works as means of calculating the Potency and Cost of the trick. The higher you set it, the more the spell will cost.<br><br>The last piece in this group is "Operator: Vector Project". Vector Projection is a somewhat complex topic, so this will only explain one of the potential uses for it, that being projecting a vector onto an axis. Imagine you want to make a spell that places blocks from your position in the world to the position you're looking at, but in a straight line aligned to the side of the block you're lookig at (using "Operator: Vector Axis Raycast"). You start off by getting the vector that you want to place blocks on, for using "Trick: Place Block Sequence", but if you're diagonal to the block, you may get something like (3, 2, 4). That's not a straight line! We can use "Operator: Vector Project" to project that into the axis of the side you're looking at, say, (0, 0, 1). So our "Vector A" is (3, 2, 4) and our "Vector B" is (0, 0, 1). Applying the projection leaves us with (0, 0 4). If our "Vector B", was, for example, (1, 0, 0), we'd get (3, 0, 0). For the case where an axial vector is used in B, Vector Projection strips any parts of A that are 0 in B. We can then do our straight line.<br><br>As the red piece in this group is "Trick: Break Block Sequence", you won't need anything too crazy for the most part. Try making a spell that brings down an 8 block high column, so you can "treecapitate".