Detection & Focus
This group includes two types of runes, as the title says: detection, and focus. The red piece of the group falls under the "focus" area, however, in order to understand it, the concept of Slot Focus must be introduced.<br><br>An already known example of Slot Focus is the family of Place Block style tricks. These make use of the block directly to the right of your Rod. Slot Focus is the slot which tricks like these will use. It can be relative (to the position of your Rod) or absolute, can only be in the hotbar and goes from 1 to 9. By default, whenever a spell is cast, it's value is "Relative 1", so it's 1 slot to the right of your Rod. If it was "Relative -1" it would be 1 slot to the left of your Rod. "Absolute 3" would be the third slot in your hotbar. It also loops around, so if you have your Rod on your last slot and the value is "Relative 1", it'll be your first slot.<br><br>To set the focused slot, you can use "Trick: Switch Focus Slot", the red piece of this group. This takes one of 2 parameters. Both are optional and mutually exclusive, and if you don't define any, it'll set the focus to the default of "Relative 1". If you choose to set the "Position" parameter, it'll set an Absolute value, whereas the "Shift" parameter will set a Relative value. This allows you to, for example, build things with different blocks based on the circumstance. This trick only works for the current spell cast, and the focus will reset on the next time a spell is cast (even if it's the same spell).<br><br>The other two runes in the group are set in the "detection" area. First, "Selector: Item Presence" takes an optional slot number (if not set it'll default to your Focused Slot), and returns the amount of items in that slot, 0 if it's empty, of course. Lastly, "Selector: Block Presence" takes a vector, to be used as coordinates in the world, and finds the block there, the value returned is 0 if there's no block or a replaceable block (like tall grass), 1 if it's a non-solid block and 2 if it's a solid block.