Can't resolve due to endless loop
A Number Parameter that needs to be positive isn't
A Number Parameter that needs to an integer isn't
A Number Parameter that needs to be a positive integer isn't
Spell Stats overflow past maximum possible integer
Two mutually exclusive parameters are set
Error Position: [%d, %d].
ERROR: Divide by zero.
ERROR: Spell Entity target is non existent.
ERROR: Spell Operation Vector is non existent or null.
ERROR: Spell target is outside maximum 32 block radius.
ERROR: Value is outside inverse trignometric function's domain.
ERROR: Attempted to cast a spell on an immune entity or a boss.
ERROR: Caster has no Rod.
ERROR: Memory access out of bounds.
ERROR: Memory slot is locked.
ERROR: Target entity is immune or a boss.
ERROR: Target number is negative in a piece where it can't be.
Welcome to Magical Psi, the best spell inscribing magic mod in this side of the universe. Please keep in mind that having Just Enough Items (JEI) or some other method of looking up recipes is essential for playing with Psi, as recipes are not included in this guide. In order to get started spellslinging, you'll need some Psidust. To get Psidust, you need to start by crafting a Rod Constructor and an Iron Rod Frame. Place down the Rod Contructor and put the Iron Rod Frame in it to construct a very barebones Rod. From there, drop some Redstone Dust in the world. Equip your Rod, point at the dropped items and right click to make your Psidust.
Psi has found save data from a previous world.<br>Would you like to load it?<br><br>If you choose to load it, you'll be taken instantly to Level %d. Otherwise, this message won't show up again this session.
Tutorial 1
Welcome to the leveling menu, it looks like you've gotten acquainted with your brand new Focusing Rod. This menu serves as your school for the mod, and this is your first tutorial! Don't worry, this is the longest one, as it has to teach you the basics. To get started inscribing spells you'll need a Spell Inscriber. To cast your spells, you'll also need a better Rod than the one you have right now, one with all the components. Look up all the various Rod components (Frame, Crux, Notch, Source, and optionally, Varnish) and create one. You don't have to make another Frame, you can put your current Rod (that is effectively just a Frame) in your crafting grid to revert it to a Frame.<br><br>Lastly, Spells also need to be put into Spell Nodes, so make yourself all of that stuff and let's get rolling.<br><br>After you're set with all you need. Open up your Spell Inscriber by right clicking it. You'll see a large grid. This is where the magic happens. The inscribing system is less of a traditionally complex inscribing system, and more of a simple sequence of actions. To add a piece to the grid, right click any part of it, and select from the runes that come up.<br><br>As you can see at the bottom, you have two available runes. Once you have more, you'll be able to assemble them to create spells in a myriad of different ways, but for now, let's just focus on these two. The runes you have available are the "Selector: Caster" and the "Trick: Debug". Tricks are the most important part of a spell, they are the means through which the spell interacts with the world. In our case, the Debug trick is an exception, as it just writes a value to the player's chat.<br><br>Start off by placing them in your grid adjacent to eachother. When you left click on your "Selector: Caster", you'll find that nothing special happens. However, when you do the same for your "Trick: Debug", a panel appears on the left where you can configure the inputs of this piece, the piece's "parameters". Parameters are info that goes to the piece, in order to allow it to do it's thing. Our Debug trick sends out something to chat, so we need to know what that thing is. Take the Target parameter, and click one of the arrows, so that your "Selector: Caster" looks like it's pointing towards the "Trick: Debug". If you hold Shift while looking at a piece, you can see what types of parameters it needs or what type it sends out. This is useful, so you can pair the right runes together. Ignore the Number parameter for now, we'll cover it later.<br><br>If you've done this correctly, you should see the X on the top turns into a checkmark, and some values appear on the right. Don't worry about those for now. If you're still seeing the red X, hover over it to see what the error is and try to correct it.<br><br>Now we need to take the program you've made and send it over to your Rod. Grab your Spell Node and right click your Spell Inscriber with it. You'll hear a beep boop, and are now ready to load the bullet. Place your new Rod into your Constructor, into the big slot on the top-left, and you'll see some slots below it open up. Place your bullet in there, then you can take your Rod out. To pick a spell, hold your Rod and hold the same key you use to access this menu. NOTE: You may only have a single Rod on you. If you have more than one in your inventory, spells will not work.<br><br>In order to level up, you need to create and cast a spell that contains the piece highlighted in red on the last thing you've learned. In our case, we need a spell with a "Trick: Debug" to be able to level up. Right click your Rod with your bullet loaded and you should be ready to move on. If you want to create more Psidust, simply pick a slot that has no bullet in it.