The Shotgun is a gun that can unload 5 bullets per shotgun shell. The bullets shoot out in a fairly scattered manner and are generally weak, but if multiple of those bullets hit the same target, it can deal lethal amounts of damage.
The Shotgun bullets are very strictly short-range, they die off fast otherwise. You can only load 1 Shotgun Shell at a time in the shotgun.
Sniper Rifle
Range: Medium/Long | Ammo: Cartridge
The Sniper Rifle is one of the most powerful guns we've been able to enhance with magic bullets. This gun can fire with perfect accuracy and with extreme power.
This gun uses heavy bullets to only and can only load one at a time. Due to the bulkiness and power required for this gun, it takes a long time to cool down and reload.<br>The Sniper Rifle is best used against long range targets.
Minigun
Range: Short | Ammo: Drum
The Minigun, often nicknamed "gatling gun" is an interesting weapon. It has a very very high fire rate and consumes Bullet Drums of small bullets. A single Bullet Drum can hold up to a hundred bullets at a time.
This gun is best used against short to medium range targets as - despite it's high fire rate - has a very large scatter in it's bullets and each bullet tends to be very weak. When multiple bullets hit the same target, it can deal lethal damage.
Grenade
Range: Short/Medium/Long
Grenades are hand-held throwable explosives that can be loaded with effects. Unfortunately, the effects grenades can be loaded with are not compatible with those of the bullet effects we managed to create. As a result, we've created 5 very powerful effects for grenades only so we didn't leave you with something boring.
You can read more about grenade specific effects in the Effects category.
Turret
Range: Short/Medium | Ammo: Magazine
Despite our amazing creations to keep our boredom at bay, we got bored anyways with shooting the guns ourselves and having to deal with actually aiming them. So we've created a magic Turret machine that will do the job for us.