Minestuck
The Beginning of Something Really Excellent
Connect
Create a connection with someone.
A New World
Create, and use the Cruxite Artifact.
Step Towards Alchemy
Getting a punch designix is the first step to alchemizing something else!
Can I Get A, Uh...
Successfully place and consume an order.
Gold Farming
It begins to dawn on you that everything you just did may have been a colossal waste of time.
Uprooting
Remove the root card in a tree modus with a bunch of items.
The Big One
Kill an ogre.
Dungeon Explorer
Find a Dungeon to explore!
There's no Place Like Home
Find a Return Node and jump in to return home.
Commune
Visit a village and talk to a consort.
Buyer Beware
Buy an item from a shady consort.
Crunchy and High in Protein
Eat a bug.
A New Type of Frustrating
Equip a new modus.
A Full Set
Try a new modus type.
Aspect Effects have been toggled on
Aspect Effects have been toggled off
/checkLand
/grist [player] <add|set> <gristtype value ...> OR /grist [player] get
%s has:%s
Invalid grist name: %s
Successfully increased grist value for "%s"
Successfully changed grist value for "%s"
/gristSend <player> <gristtype value ...>
Successfully gave grist to %s: %s
You are not permitted to send grist to %s.
Invalid Command: "%s"
/sburbSession <session name> <add|name|title|landTerrain|landTitle|define> [values ...]
Successfully added/removed %d/%d players.
Renamed "%3$s"'s session "%1$s" to "%2$s".
Named "%2$s"'s session as "%1$s".
"%s" is not a valid title class.
"%s" is not a valid title aspect.
Successfully predefined %s's title as %s
Successfully predefined %s's terrain land aspect as %s
Successfully predefined %s's title land aspect as %s
/tpz [player] <transportalizer code>
Couldn't find transportalizer with ID "%s"
Successfully teleported %s to transprtalizer "%s"
Failed the teleport.
This command is only useable by players.
This command is only useable by players. Try /grist instead.
/sburbServer <client player> <server player>
Successfully set %s's server player as %s.
/setRung <target player> <target rung> [progress]
Successfully changed %s's rung to %d with %d%% progress.
/porkhollow <send|take> [target player] <amount>
Successfully sent %s boondollars to %s.
Successfully took out %s boondollars from your porkhollow.
You don't have enough boondollars.
/tpStruct village
/landDebug <~ OR terrainlandspect titlelandspect ...>
Clear message
Disconnect
%s
Activate edit mode
Give items
Open to clients
Resume connection
Connected to %s
Connection failed
Client is already active
Connection closed
Server closed
Can't reach skaianet
Server offline
Select a server below
Server with your name exists
Waiting for server...
Waiting for client...
Stopped resuming
Client
Server
Game session is full
Select a Color
Server player's session is full
Client player's session is full
You don't have enough boondollars for that!
You need a %s for that!
Thanks!
Thank you!
...
:(
My dad was blown away in one of the recent wind storms.
If only I was faster than the wind! That would be fun!
Actually, nevermind. I would be burned on a pyre for being a witch due to our primal society.
Some people say the oceans of blood are actually kool-aid. I'm too scared to taste it for myself.
You don't want to know what it's like to be outside when it rains. You can't tell who's a murderer or who forgot an umbrella!
If you're looking for a good land to swim in, it's definitely not this one.
OH GOD IS THAT BLOOD oh wait nevermind.
Some people say at night, skeletons riding skeleton horses come through the town.
Every once in a blue moon, lightning strikes and burns down the village. We have to rebuild it!
Those darn doomsayers, preaching about the Apocalypse and The Reckoning and such!
What's The Reckoning? It's when meteors from The Veil are sent towards Skaia.
Like any reasonable %s believes in that!
You don't want to be struck by lightning. No one does.
We're lucky to have rain with this weather.
Otherwise the thunder would surely have been our death.
This land is HARDCORE! There's lava and lightning wherever you go!
Nemesis has been throwing thunder for generations, not stopping for even a moment.
They are even doing it in their sleep. Can you believe that?
Our daughter wants a bunny for her birthday, even though she caught six in the past three hours.
One time our village ran out of food and we tried eating rabbits. It was a dark period in our village history.
This place is just so full of life! I despise it.
This land is already pretty desolate. There being lots of rabbits eating everything they find doesn't help!
But with that many rabbits around, there sure are other ways of getting food...
I sure wonder where the rabbits are getting their food from.
There's not really much food to be found in this desolate place.
Except maybe cacti, but would rabbits eat something that prickly?
I mean, there's not really much else than mushrooms around here.
I've heard moaning coming from our son's bedroom. I found out he's keeping a pet zombie in there! Tamed it n' everything!
A few giant spiders raided our village last night, taking all of our bugs! Those monsters...
What's your monster-sona? Mine is a zombie.
Legends say underneath the tower to the north is a Captain Lizardtail's buried treasure! Literal tons of bugs, they say!
That tower over there was built by my great grandpa Fjorgenheimer! You can tell by how its about to fall apa- oh it fell apart.
I feel ripped off. I was born in a land full of magical towers but none of them have treasure!
Our smartest villager read all the books in the library and now knows how to make glass jars! He's a gift from the big frog above!
We ate all the books in the nearby college ruins. It turns out thousand-year-old leather doesn't make the best dinner.
To eat, or not to eat, that is the question.
All of the villagers here are trying to crack the mystery of how to make the frosted bread we see all day on our walks.
I heard all the cakes magically regenerate if you don't completely eat them! That's completely stupid!
Let's see, the recipe calls for 5 tbsp. of sugar, 2 tbsp. vanilla, 1 large grasshopper... what are you looking at?
If you're not careful, anything can set you on fire here, even the cakes!
When we start talking about cakes, the others start mentioning frosting. I'm not sure I get what they're talking about!
Legends say the giant gears were used for technology no consort has ever seen before. That's absurd! It's obviously food!
My neighbor says the gears are evil! He also said that swords are used for combat, so he's probably insane.
The ticking keeps me up all night. It keeps us all up all night. Save us.
We are thankful for all the frogs that They gave to us when the universe was created. They, of course, is the genesis frog. I feel bad for the fool who has to make another!
Ribbit, ribbit! I'm a frog! I don't care what you say!
Most people believe there aren't that many types of frogs. 4740, maybe? Anything beyond that would be proposterous.
Here in %s, however, we know that there are 9.444731276889531e+22 types of frogs.
For whatever reason, residents of Derse HATE frogs! Why would someone hate frogs?
My brother found a magic grasshopper while fishing recently!
Usually all we find are rings!
The frogs around here are all so gay! Look at them happily hopping about!
Some may call our land lewd, but the buckets are just so fun to swim in!
The buckets are a great source of water, as long as you pick the ones with water...
Did you know that some buckets provide warmth? I tend to curl up next to one from time to time.
Did you know that the buckets sometimes hold something other than oil?
In some cases, they even contain something drinkable!
God, it's bright. Half of our village is blind. It's beginning to become a serious problem.
Our best village doctors found that staying outside in the blinding light for too long is not good for us. Most of us stay inside all our lives. It's sad.
Are you staring at me? No, really! I can't see because I'm blind.
You'd better wear sunglasses, else you might not see where you're going.
This is not the best place to wander blindly in.
You would think that the light would melt more snow.
But nope, the snow stays as frozen as ever!
Isn't it wonderful how much the snow is glimmering in the light?
Isn't it wonderful how much the sand is glimmering in the light?
Those light pillars... they somehow make me think of the legend of the wyrm.
This is a great place for murder. No one will hear you scream.
This place is so quiet and peaceful. Too bad we can't hear underlings about to kill us.
Shhh, they can hear you...
Just kidding, no one can hear you! The land itself muffles your words!
The sense of calmness in the air, it's kind of unnerving!
Climb up high and you'll be up for a great view!
I'd climb up one of those towers and look at the view, but I am scared of heights.
I mean, what if I slipped and fell off the stairs?
I'd climb up one of those rocks and look at the view, but I am scared of heights.
I mean what if I fell down and landed on my back?
AAH, I am scared of heights!
Someone's gotta be farmin' all these goddamn fuckin' mushrooms, pain in the ass through truly it be.
So that's what I'm doing.
Standing around here.
farmin' all these
goddamn
fuckin
mushrooms
Do you put glow mushrooms on your pizza or leave them off?
Put them on
I put them on!
Good! I was afraid I'd have to kill you!
Leave them off
I leave them off!
You are a despicable person.
Our land is a fire waiting to happen! Hopefully there isn't any lightning!
Is it getting hot in here or is it just me?
Have you ever had a lava-roasted cricket? The lava really brings out the cricket juices.
You'd better watch where you're going. Wouldn't want you to step right into some fire.
We figured out how to treat the wood to make it less flammable. I hope we didn't miss a spot.
Be careful not to walk barefoot here, you could get a splinter!
Some of our kind have died due to the amount of splinters they received while on a walk.
Ah, the mildew on the grass in the morning makes the landscape so pretty!
Frog, don't you love the feeling of mycelium on your toes?
No? Is that just me?
At first, no one liked the mushrooms when our planet was cursed with the Dank.
Those who refused to adapt to the new food source Perished, obviously.
It's so damp and cold! I wish I had a jacket!
Curse %s! And curse all their mushrooms, too! I miss eating crickets instead of all these mushrooms!
According to legends of old, the %s will come one day and get the evil %s to clear up all this fungus!
Sand-surfing is my new favorite sport! Too bad you can't really move, though.
Want to buy a used camel? Only 2000 boondollars.
Why not? Seems like a good price for a camel!
Sure!
Hahaha! Sucker! I have no camel! Cya later! 8)
Of course not! You know better!
Not at all!
Are you sure? Too bad! The camel knew how to dance, too!
I kind of feel like we're a stale, knockoff sand land.
According to legend, %s ate all the sand here leaving nothing but sandstone!
I'm kidding, I made that up on the spot. I had no other dialogue.
Red is much better than yellow, don't you think?
In our village, we have tales of monsters that are atttracted to red. That's why everything is yellow!
My neighbors were complaining the other night about the snow.
Personally, the cold never really bothered me anyways.
You hear a faint "ba-dum tss" in the distance.
Darn! I only need 100 more boondollars for a nice, fur coat! I’m going to freeze!
Give them the boondollars [Pay 100 boondollars]
Here you go!
Oh, thank you! Now I won't freeze to death out here! Take this as a token of gratitude!
Don't give them any of your hard-earned boondollars!
Sorry, but I can't help you.
I guess I'll just die then...
These tents doesn't protect against the cold very well, but they are good enough.
Jokes on the losers in other lands, we have ALL the resources! All of them!
Here in %s, we practice rock-fu! Learn the way of the rock to CRUSH your enemies into a fine rock powder!
Jokes on the losers in other lands, we have ALL the trees! All of them!
Do you like trees? I really like trees. I am one with the tree. Trees. TREES. TREEEES!
Have you ever noticed rainbow wood looks green from a distance? I wonder if green is somehow more generic than other colors.
Even for us turtles, this place is too bright. All the light and colors around here can be really overwhelming!
I saw a rainbow yesterday! Normally I see way more than that.
Some sunglasses would be really great in a Land like this. Too bad I don't have ears!
I have no clue what the ground here is made of. I've never seen anything like it anywhere else!
People ask me, "What's your favorite color?" I can't pick! I love them all! They're all special in their own way! Well, except green.
In the additive color system, there are three primary colors: red, green, and blue.
In the subtractive color system, there are also three primary colors, but those are magenta, yellow, and cyan.
In the additive system, mixing red and green makes yellow, mixing green and blue makes cyan, and mixing blue and red makes magenta.
In the subtractive system, mixing magenta and yellow makes red, mixing yellow and cyan makes green, and mixing cyan and magenta makes blue!
These six colors make up the color wheel: red, yellow, green, cyan, blue, magenta, and then back to red.
When you look at a rainbow, you don't see magenta, because the blue on one end doesn't mix with the red on the other end.
You do, however, see purple, which is between magenta and blue. Short answer for why that is, your eyes are lying to you.
Beyond the six main colors, however, there are also six other colors: pink, brown, orange, lime, light blue, and purple.
In addition, there are also the tones of white, light gray, gray, and black.
In the additive system, mixing all the colors together makes white.
In the subtractive system, mixing all the colors together makes black.
When dealing with dye, however, you can find some unusual combinations, or lack of combinations.
Dyes work largely on the subtractive color system, but they don't always mix the way they should.
This is because dyes, while vibrant, are imperfect representations of their respective colors.
Lime, for example, should be a mix of yellow and green. To get lime dye, though, you need to mix cactus green with white dye instead.
When mixing red and blue to get magenta, the blue overpowers the red and you get purple. You have to mix the purple with not just red, but pink to get magenta.
Dye is weird like that.
...what, you're still listening to me? Wow. No one's ever listened to the whole thing before. Would you like to hear it again?
This may be the start of our conversation, but now we're at the end.
Never eat fruit. Last time I tried it, I blacked out and came to somewhere else! Stick to bugs like a normal person!
The grass in this place just keeps growing everywhere! I don't even know how it takes root in the stone like that.
Rumors say that %s got mad one day and cursed the world with all this grass everywhere. It gets into our homes!
I once found this piece of junk that launched me upward when I hit the ground with it. It really hurt when I came back down, and I didn't get anywhere!
One time, I saw a guy with some weird wing-looking things on his back. He could glide with them, but without being able to stay in the air, what's the point?
Our oceans used to be filled with life! Now they're all barren, thanks to %s.
Contrary to popular belief, chalk is not safe for consumption... but how can I resist its allure?
Have you ever considered eating a rain cloud? Yum! Maybe it tastes like cotton candy...
Do you know what lies deep beneath the ocean waters? Scary to think about!
Just keep swimming, just keep swimming! Yay, swimming!
This land was the site of a battle ages and ages and ages ago.
The giant creatures who warred here long ago shed so much blood that, even now, the oceans are red with it.
My grandpa told me that the giant swords everywhere were dropped by giants locked in combat ages ago.
The strawberries here grow big and red thanks to all the blood in the water supply! The flowers thrive, too!
Strawberry juice is the only thing safe to drink here. If I have any more, I'll scream. Please save us.
I have a herb that grants immortality! I’m going to eat it right now!
However, they are easily confused with an explosion-causing herb…
I’m taking the risk.
A good chef cooks with the spices found throughout the land.
Other chefs are envious that they don’t live in %s.
Don’t use the sharp sides of giant swords as slides. May her beautiful soul rest in pieces.
Old wizard Zazzerpan would be turning in his grave if he saw the horrors that walk these lands. Those giclopes sure are terrifying!
The place was %s, the year, was 20XX.
We spent a lot of time making this shop looks really nice, we may have overdone it though, I can barely see over this counter.
Special offer on shell polish, dear custom- wait a minute, where's your shell? Are you naked?
Please don't climb on the vines outside, I won't be able to reach you and it'll be really upsetting to watch me fruitlessly try.
My house may be kind of in the ground, but my dreams are taller than any Giclops! One day I'm gonna fly a rocket to Skaia and prove that we're not all so timid.
Been to the shop? They've got the best %s in the area!
I used to be an adventurer like you, then I never got the disks.
Beware the man who speaks in hands, wait...wrong game.
Maybe you should do something more productive than talking to NPCs.
I like crumpled hats, they're comfy and easy to wear!
We would love to invite you, %s, to our secret wizards cult.
Meet me by dawn with mercury, salt, and sulfur to begin the initiation.
Secret wizards? Th-there are no secret wizards! Wh-what're you speaking of, o-outlandish traveller?
I bought a bunch of stocks on the market... Now I'm broke...
Please, I need to pay for my children to attend college...
Wow, you have so many boondollars! I'll never make that much in my short, amphibious lifetime.
They are coming...
Huh? 'Who the fuck is They'? What kind of question is that?! I don't know! Who the fuck are you?
I heard that the true name of the %s is %s. Isn't that cool?
Hey there! I've got a wonderful item here for just 1000 boondollars? How about it kid?
This consort is way too nice to ever scam you! Surely you can trust them?
Buy "Wonderful item" [Pay 1000 boondollars]
Sure! Why not?
 Here you are!
Do not buy from cheery salesman.
No thanks! I'm short on cash.
Oh! No worries! How about I sell it to you for just 500 boondollars instead??
Still do not buy from cheery salesman.
I'm sorry, I meant *really* short on cash...
Buy that cheap item! [pay 500 boondollars]
Sure! I'd be glad to!
Thank you for your money!
It's a wonderful day. Hopefully some monster underneath the planet's surface doesn't eat us all!
I heard a floating island just appeared somewhere near here recently and falling chunks destroyed a village underneath it!
My brother found a magic ring while fishing recently!
Frog, it's such a wonderful day to just walk around a village.
Holy leapin' god, you have such wonderful hair! Can I eat some?
I feel like our king just sits around doing nothing but eating weird glowing mushrooms! So lazy!
I invented music, y'kno! My favorite song goes like ba ba dum, dum ba dum.
Legends speak of the Wyrm, a giant ivory pillar that radiates joy and happiness and uselessness.
You smell kind of... heroic... like a hero, perhaps? It makes me kinda nervous to be around you!
You smell like you're leeching from the success from another hero... is this true?
I challenge you to a rap battle! Accept challenge? Y/N
Accept this consort's challenge!
Y! I'll take you on! You can even go first.
Don't bother with this guy.
N. Maybe later.
Maybe one day I will find a challenger worthy of my greatness....
I see you carryin' a pick
You think you minin'? Sick
But uh...
you ain't. Word.
You're green and square, kinda beveled on the sides
And the corners I guess. Or are they called vertexes?
But I'm sayin' you're generic. Like, so generic
it doesn't make sense. ... uh, sorry for being a jerk.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Ooh. Ooh. Ooh. Ooh.
%1$s. %1$s. %1$s. %1$s.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
I'm the Knight of Time, the god of sick beats
Settle down and lemme... why are you giving me that look?
This is my own original rap!
Really!
Incaseyoucouldn'ttell,
you'reuglyandyousmell!
OOOHHHHHHHHH!
...That's how rap works, right?
Have a nice trip and I'll see you next fall!
I hope you don't mind that my house isn't tall,
'Cuz them things is dang'rous and although no one cares,
I'm tellin' ya, dawg, I WARNED YOU 'BOUT STAIRS!
... that rap was really awful.
Schoo' that foo'!
All right, now it's my turn.
The %s proceeded to drop sick fire unlike any the %s had ever seen before.
%s. You are the greatest rapper ever.
Let the poor guy think they won.
... wow. I'm just... not going to try to go against something like that.
%s, yes! I am the greatest rapper ever!
Thip
Nak
Glub
...
THIP
NAK
GLUB
..!
Here, in the %s, we %s worship the %s. We wait and hope for the day that they awaken.
Sometimes, I look up in the sky to see Skaia and wish I could visit there some day...
OH MY %s! I'M ACTUALLY ON SKAIA!
Oh my...! I'm actually on skaia!
You know, I have actually visited skaia at one point!
I sense the presence of the %s. Tell me if you see them, ok?
Present yourself as the %s.
I am the %s.
OH MY %s
"Agree" to do that.
Hehe, ok I will.
Hey kid... I'll give you something special for 1000 boondollars...
This consort seems pretty shady. You're not sure whether or not to trust them...
Buy "Something special" [Pay 1000 boondollars]
Ok... Sure??
Here, kid.
Do not buy from the shadowy dealer.
Uh, no thanks...
You're missin' out kiddo. %s it. I'll sell you this thing for 500 boondollars.
It may be a deception, do not buy the "thing"!
I said no already.
buy it already! [Pay 500 boondollars]
 Sure! Fine! Ok! Jeez...
Thanks for your cash.
%s has been sleeping for a thousand years. I shudder at the thought of their return.
What?
The... what?
The Denizen is the One that Slumbers in our very soil. It is eternally waiting for the %s to awaken it. Then they will be given The Choice, and their victory will be determined by what they choose.
Ask if the denizens are bad or not.
Were these 'denizens' bad?
How am I supposed to know if they were good or bad? There's more to a living being than just black and white!
I'm hungry. Have any bugs? Maybe a chocolate chip cookie? Mmm.
A %s! Could I have some?
Yes
Sure, here.
No
I don't really want to give this away.
Thank you! I will remember your kindness for the rest of my short life.
But I am starving here! What if I paid you 10 boondollars for it?
Sure
Sure, I can agree to that.
Too Cheap
I won't let it go that cheap.
Finally!
You are given 10 boondollars for the %s.
Fine. I will just go and find a real food store.
It's hard to catch our food with the Breeze carrying them away and whatnot!
Hope you like red meat!
Rabbit stew! Mmmm!
Lightning-smoked meat really adds to the flavor!
Frog legs are good but eating them is heresy! Buy some of our food instead!
Ever soaked your grist candies in the liquids the buckets contain? It really enhances the taste!
Tick Tock, time's a-wasting! Eat something or leave!
Take your mind off of the limited time we have left alive with food!
I'm selling recipes I made from a nearby library's cookbook. Buy some!
Who needs cake when you have crickets!
Crickets are nocturnal so our species' main food source is hard to find here. Oh well!
This place used to be filled with the sounds of crickets until we captured them all for food!
You're not you when you're hungry. Buy a snickers!
I HOPE you're hungry!
You hear a faint ba-dum tss in the distance.
We would never eat frogs here in the %s! Grasshoppers, though...
You hungry? I bet you are! Why else would you be talking to me?
Welcome to MacCricket's, what would you like?
Thank you for choosing Stop and Hop, this village's #1 one grocer!
Welcome. I hope you find something tasty among our wares.
The breeze has brought me many fine wares.
I accept payment in blood. And boondollars. I also take checks.
Twenty years selling losers hats and shit really takes the life out of you.
With my prices, my competitors are doomed!
Get your frog merchandise here! Limited time only! ....Just kidding, I'm always here.
Here's a witty one-liner tying in buckets and general stores!
Future me has told me that some sucker would buy tons of "goods" from me... will that sucker be you?
Books have taught us how to sell as much useless crap as possible, want some?
Don't buy goods here. Cake is our specialty, not general goods. Very low quality.
You may be blind but I'm sure you can see our prices are fantastic!
This land may be silent but our prices will make you SCREAM!... with joy, of course!
Other store's prices are INFURIATING! Our prices, however, will soothe that frustration!
I got the goods; they're all recently raided from a nearby tower!
We have generic goods for generic people!
You want the goods? We got the goods.
We have top tier goods for a top tier god!
Looking for something that won't catch your eye? You've come to the right place!
Cool Veggie
This cool vegetable is so good that it will make you cry!
Tasty Pie
This pie appeared in storage a few days ago out of nowhere. No idea where it came from, but it sure is tasty!
You know what tastes even better than those plant grains? Their seeds, of course!
Do you enjoy mushrooms? Then this'll be a delicacy!
You want something RAW? We've got BEEF.
Stay hydrated with our oasis water.
Sugary Drink
This drink is too sweet for this world. Have a taste!
Want to try something orange? We've got carrots straight from the ground.
Handpicked Greens
A bowl of our fine, handpicked greens. The perfect meal.
This extra-large grasshopper makes a perfect dinner.
Want a cone of flies? They're quite popular with the kids. Everyone else too, honestly.
The wonders of cocoa beans has given us this delicacy. Try now!
Do you like regular seeds? This here is the luxury variant!
You won't find this in a regular bucket!
Green Potato
This here is a rare green potato. Can you imagine how this one would taste?
Who doesn't like bugs? Someone who haven't had a bug on a stick. That's who.
I have discovered that this substance is the secret ingredient for the cakes around here!
Had enough of regular beetroots? Try our soup!
Haven't had enough of beetroots? There are some in store right now!
This apple is said to be quite special, which is why I won't let it go for cheap!
How about something juicy? Melons sure are juicy.
Want something juicy, but not so juicy that it's juice? Try regular apples!
This is a byproduct from our seed farm, but I can assure you that it's edible.
Grey-Colored Cookie
This here is a true wonder-cookie! Totally! And they are even cheaper than regular cookies!
Quenchy Berry
This berry helps beat the desert heat!
Cookies like these are quite hard to get, since there are very few who know the recipe.
The staple food of any Irish %1$s, grown in %1$s Ireland.
Mushroom Skittles
We harvest the mushrooms for this candy, although it's not very sweet.
Skittle Cookie
We found this spore-filled cookie sandwich in nearby ruins!
THE Mushroom
This is a very rare mushroom-- not many get to see it, much less taste it!
It's like a bug on a stick but in a jar! What's not to love about it?
This is supposedly able to be made into a sweet bar. We just eat them raw.
Ah, salmon. Chicken of the river.
More vague than 'salmon,' perfect for tricking people into thinking this is actually food.
This metal rod is perfect for attracting thunder!
You gotta BE the marble!
Some say it's creepy, some say it's cute, others would say it's contraband, so keep it out of sight!
It's pretty rock, but I wouldn't advise rolling on it.
Spooky Book
Our best wizard cultists tried to decipher this ancient tome, but none of them can read.
Strive to touch the sky, and smash a few skulls on the way up!
Imported from the Land of Gravel and Arrows! Probably. Maybe.
This looks kinda useless, but it's too shiny to sell for cheap!
This looks kinda useless. It probably is, actually. No one will notice if I sell it for a lot, right?
It's not as quenchy, but if it comes down to it you can always drink the blood of your foes.
A sword? Made of meat? That's like, double cool!
Good for crushing trees and your enemies!
Make sure you don't drop this like it's hot. Because it is hot.
This mushroom is very tall! We think Our Glorious Speaker blessed us with it as a gift!
Fistfull o' Strawberry
This sweet-and-sour fruit glob is sure to drip stuff everywhere!
Quartz
Supposedly, a great Knight of Time found some of this and made a watch company.
Illegal Drugs
This stuff makes you go, "how did I get here?" Don't tell the cops!
Like wheat, but slightly more appetizing. Completely uninteresting to look at!
Wings
You can probably fly with these. They're too big for me, so I don't know.
Black Stone
Why would you want black stone? Because it's marked 50-percent off, of course!
Tear Gas
This foul-smelling gas is sure to make any imp bawl like a newborn.
Plain-Looking Lopsided Ball
Serves no actual function, but this rarity looks completely plain! Surely, this is the height of fine décor.
A plain canvas, untainted by any inks or dyes!
A moldable substance with a plain, muted look, free of artificial colors!
Blue Cake?
It's blue, so I'm pretty sure that it's the fabled Blue Cake. It is said to get you moving!
Cold Cake?
Be careful with that one. It could be a Cold Cake. One bite and it will freeze you more than this weather does.
Red Cake?
Did you know that red cakes heal you? I'm 90%% sure that this is one of those cakes.
Hot Cake?
Play a prank on your friends with this really hot cake!
Cakes are truly the best when made with apples!
Fuschia Cake
This mushroom tastes a bit better than any other around here, according to myself!
It's the quenchiest!
Jormungandr
Typheus
Nemesis
Bastet
Abraxas
Hemera
Cetus
Sibyl
Tartarus
Echidna
Hephaestus
Nyx
Greentike
Sir Dies-a-lot
Soil Architect
Arboreal Boxer
Stick Sultan
Potato Roaster
Zombie Chum
Imp Crusher
Slime Enthusiast
Burly Pocketeer
Block Smasher
Gadabout Explorer
Village Protector
Golem Gallant
Rail Fanatic
Dungeon Robber
Who Needs A Map?
Inventory Tycoon
Diamond Smuggler
Cuboid Captain
Circuit Crafter
Alchemy Brewer
Keeper Of Consorts
Conglomerate Caliphate
Overworld Overlord
Portal Knight
Fiery Fighter
Pigman Patriarch
Blazing Batter
Ghaster Blaster
Nether Noble
Wither Warrior
Soulsand Summoner
Nether Knight
Underworld Overlord
Ender Ender
Eye Of The Beholder
Pathfinder Paladin
Finder Of Fortress
Stronghold Savant
Maze Magician
Spawner Shatterer
Tartarus Tackler
Wyvern Whacker
Otherworld Overlord
Vanilla Vanquisher
Forum Frequenter
Forge Fidaddler
Installed Initiate
Master Of Mods
Dersite Bishop
Dersite Pawn
Dersite Rook
Prospitan Bishop
Prospitian Pawn
Prospitian Rook
Frog
Salamander
Nakagator
Iguana
Turtle
Salamanders
Nakagators
Iguanas
Turtles
Imp
%s Imp
Ogre
%s Ogre
Giclops
%s Giclops
Basilisk
%s Basilisk
Lich
%s Lich
%s Grist
Amber
Amethyst
Artifact
Build
Caulk
Chalk
Cobalt
Diamond
Garnet
Gold
Iodine
Marble
Mercury
Quartz
Ruby
Rust
Shale
Sulfur
Tar
Uranium
Zillium
You do not have enough grist for that, and need: %s
Grist Cache
Strife Specibus
Captchalouge Deck
Echeladder
Attack
Health
Cache Limit
Damage boost against underlings:
Damage against underlings: +%d%%
Underling damage decreased to:
Underling damage: -%.1f%%
Deploy List
Sylladex
Use Item
Kind Abstratus
Cruxtruder
Punch designix
Totem Lathe
Alchemiter
Cookalyzer
GristWidget 12000
Not Alchemizable
Not Available
Free!
STOP
GO
Select Grist Type
Select Color
Are you sure you want to continue?
This will empty your sylladex.
Empty Sylladex
Auto-balance Active
Auto-balance Inactive
Quick Eject Active
Quick Eject Inactive
Choose Your Title
%s is already used
Claw Hammer
An average hammer found in about any garage. It can also destroy blocks
Sledgehammer
A decently large, yet average, hammer. It can also destroy blocks
Blacksmith's Hammer
A strong hammer that would commonly be found in a blacksmiths. It can also break blocks
Pogo Hammer
A slimy hammer with the ability to bounce back your enemies. It can also break blocks
Telescopic Sassacrusher
OH ho! The perfect hammer for the dashing young gent who loves a pranksters gambit or a good grist horde!
Regihammer
Fear No Anvil
What's to fear with this around? This uber hammer can break blocks and deal massive damage.
Melt-Masher
This hot-commodity of a hammer looks like it came fresh out of the furnace! Leaves foes with third-degree burns.
Estrogen-Empowered Everything Eradicator
Eradicate everything with girl power!
the swEEt bro and hElla jEff EstrogEn EmpowErEd EvErything Eradicator
Eradicate everything with girl power?
The Warhammer of Zillyhoo
HooHoo This zilly weapon is rumoured to be able to defeat the strongest enemies!
Pop-a-matic Vrillyhoo Hammer
Pop! Hit an enemy and let the dice fly for  damage bonus! It can Also Break blocks.
Scarlet Zillyhoo
A legendary weapon, forged from the most powerful of charmic destiny and..a red frog...
Mwrthwl
Sord.....
A shitty sword. Not much more too it.
batleacks!!
A shitty axe. Not much more to it.
Cactaceae Cutlass
A spiny sword made of cactus, you might hurt yourself more on the spines then the blade would your enemies
Steak Sword
This item has two purposes: a weapon for slicing your foes AND an expensive dinner!
Raw Beef Sword
Irradiated Steak Sword
Katana
A powerful Katana, once wielded by the most powerful of Otaku Masters
Unbreakable Katana
This Katana has been fused with obsidian to make it even more kawai- I mean powerful!
Fire Poker
A flaming blade! Or just that thing you find next to wood fire places.....either way it can burn you enemies
Too Hot to Handle
This sick blade slices and burns through enemies like there is no tomorrow!
Caledscratch
The chosen weapon of Hephaestus, Guardian of the land of heat and clockwork. They say if you break this blade you incur their godly wrath.
Caledfwlch
Dumb Welsh Sword. Probably has some chamic destiny.
Royal Deringer
Claymore
A featherweight amongst greatswords.\nIt's still bloody heavy, though!
Cutlass of Zillywair
HooHoo! Another Zilly weapon imported straight from Zillywair! Enemies beware!
Regisword
A sword once wielded by the most wicked of ArchAgents......and the most devout mail lady
Scarlet Ribbitar
Snoop Dogg Snow Cone Machete
Cobalt Cobeam Coblade
Quantum Sabre
Blacksmith's Bane
Battleaxe
Forget that sissy hatchet stuff, this is an axe made for the battlefield. Chop heads, not wood!
Scraxe
Ruby Croak
Hephaestus' Lumberjack
Coppice Crusher
Piston-Powered Pogo Pulverizer
Fission-Focused Fault Feller
Sickle
Homes Smell Ya Later
Fudgesickle
Whose idea was this?
Regisickle
A black sickle wielded by Dersites and Agents!
Clawsickle
This crabby blade can hook and pinch your enemies for you!
Claw of Nrub'yiglith
Even though it's no longer a part of what you presume to be a living being, it still feels... alive.
Your blood shall fuel our machinations.
They stir in your subconscious.
Your suffering grants us strength.
Our will is your will.
It is done.
You are a tool. A tool through which we we exert our conspiracies.
Candy Sickle
Deuce Club
The weakest club in the world
Nightclub
Wanna go...clubbing?
Pogo Club
Boing! Bounce back your foes with this bouncy weapon!
Metal Bat
Regular weapons not working for you? Try beating foes with an average bat!
Spiked Club
About what it sounds like
Cane
An average walking cane, used by the blind and those with weak knees.
Iron-Tipped Cane
A regular cane, except that it is tipped with the power of metal!
Spear Cane
Replace with blind persons cane for hilarious results.
Paradise's Portabello
A mushroom which reaches the heavens. Good for whacking people.
Regicane
A black cane used only by the most elegant among Dersites.
Dragon Cane
The most Powerful and awe inspiring of canes!
Pogo Cane
Now without leg or hand holds for even more danger!
Uranium-Powered Stick
Never runs out of uranium!
Wooden Spoon
Like the kind you would eat your soup with
Silver Spoon
Could be the first silver object you've seen so far
Junior Battlemaster's Bowlbuster Stirring Solution 50000
Whip your foes into shape and bake a cake all at the same time!
Junior Battlemaster's Bowlbuster Poking Solution 50000
Did something change?
Skaia War Fork
The elegance and grace of skaia, and the ability to poke things of a fork!
Golden Spork
A spoon and fork with all the awfulness of gold tools? Sign me up!
Dice
Dungeons and Dragons anybody?
Fluorite Octet
Magical Dice! Let 'em roll!
Raw Cruxite
Uranium Lump
Energy Core
Cruxite Dowel
Captchalogue Card
empty
invalid data
punched
ghost
Cruxite Artifact
SBURB Client Disk
SBURB Server Disk
Chessboard
Grimoire for Summoning the Zoologically Dubious
This book is absolutely indispensable for enthusiasts of your ilk. Of which there are very few.
The Long Forgotten Warhorn of the Acolytes
Some things are better left forgotten.
Bucket of Oil
Bucket of Blood
It looks like Kool-Aid... But you're too scared to try it yourself.
Bucket of Brain Juice
Bucket of Paint
The colors just refuse to mix. It's kind of disturbing, actually.
Bucket of End Fluid
It seems to be liquified ender pearls.
Bucket of Glimmering Water
You're not convinced this is water. It's unnatural.
Stack Modus
Queue Modus
Queue-Stack Modus
Tree Modus
Hashmap Modus
Set Modus
This modus is quite similar to the array modus. Surely this is what you were looking for?
Iron Boat
Golden Boat
Obsidian Bucket
Emerald Sword
Emerald Axe
Emerald Pickaxe
Emerald Shovel
Emerald Hoe
Prismarine Helmet
Prismarine Chestplate
Prismarine Leggings
Prismarine Boots
Fork
Spork
Candy Corn
Amber Gummy Worm
Amethyst Hard Candy
Artifact War Head
Build Gushers
Caulk Pretzel
Chalk Candy Cigarette
Cobalt Gum
Diamond Mint
Garnet Twix
Gold Candy Ribbon
Iodine Licorice
Marble Jawbreaker
Mercury Sixlets
Quartz Jelly Bean
Ruby Lollipop
Rust Gummy Eye
Shale Peep
Sulfur Candy Apple
Tar Black Licorice
Uranium Gummy Bear
Zillium Skittles
Tab
Orange Faygo
Candy-Apple Faygo
Faygo Cola
Cotton Candy Faygo
Creme Soda Faygo
Grape Faygo
Moonmist Faygo
Peach Faygo
Redpop Faygo
Bug On a Stick
Chocolate Covered Beetle
Cone Of Flies
Grasshopper
Desert Fruit
Jar Of Bugs
Onion
This "cool" vegetable is actually just an onion.
Irradiated Steak
Steak (over)cooked using the power of uranium!
Fungal Spore
You must live off the land, and in this land, it means eating this.
Sporeo
Huh. Who knew fungal spores could be so delicious?
Morel Mushroom
A delicacy amongst both humans and consorts.
French Fry
Thresh Prince DVD
Game Bro Magazine
Game Grl Magazine
Midnight Crew Poster
Sweet Bro and Hella Jeff Poster
Fraymotifs Shop Sign
Food Shop Sign
Crumply Hats Shop Sign
General Shop Sign
Candy Shop Sign
Captcharoid Camera
Cat Claws
Cat Claws
Bowl of Leaves
It's literally just salad, Gordon Ramsay would not approve.
Strawberry chunk
It tastes a lot better than it looks.
Carving Tool
Crumply Hat
Frog Statue Replica
Stone Eyeballs
Stone Slab
Glowystone Dust
Catboss - Emissary of Dance
Catboss - Dance-Stab-Dance
SinFrog - Retro Battle Theme
Fake Arm
Fool your friends with this super-realistic fake arm!
Rock Cookie
It's as edible as a rock
Kundler Shelled Surprise Embryo
Oh boy! You sure can't wait to find out what's contained inside the Surprise Embryo!
The Egg of Unknowable, Horrible Truths
This egg somehow knows your name.
WOW! NO WAY! You found a %s inside your Surprise Embryo!
Boondollars
Amount: %s
ShatterBeacon
Net
Perfect for catching bugs and frogs!
Golden Grasshopper
Frog
Totally Normal Frog
Ruby Contraband
Tiny Genesis Frog
Frog
Golden Frog
Frog
Random Frog
Genetically Modified Frog
Totally Normal Frog
Ruby Contraband
Tiny Genesis Frog
frog.null.name
Golden Frog
§k Susan
Lighter Eyes
Darker Eyes
Blank Eyes
Solid-Colored Belly
Spotted Belly
Striped Belly
Tiny
Small
Normal Sized
Big
Huge
Minestuck
Minestuck
Exit Edit Mode
View General Minestuck Gui
Captchalouge Held Item
Toggle Aspect Effects
Open Sylladex
Land of %s and %s
Fungi
Dank
Must
Mycelium
Mold
Mildew
Forests
Trees
Boreal Forests
Taigas
Cold Forests
Frost
Ice
Snow
Heat
Flame
Fire
Rock
Stone
Ore
Petrification
Sand
Dunes
Deserts
Lush Deserts
Sandstone
Stony Deserts
Shade
Wood
Oak
Lumber
Flora
Flowers
Thorns
Rainbow
Colors
Rain
Islands
Clouds
Sky
End
Dimension
Buckets
Cake
Desserts
Clockwork
Gears
Frogs
Light
Brightness
Pulse
Blood
Rabbits
Bunnies
Silence
Thought
Thunder
Lightning
Storms
Wind
Monsters
Towers
Land of %s and %s
Welcome to Land of %s and %s.
You are currently in Land of %s and %s.
You are currently not in a land dimension.
Minestuck Configuration
Entity Id Start
The starting id for minestuck entities
SkaiaProvider Type Id
The id for the proider type for the skaia dimension
Skaia Dimension Id
The id for the skaia dimension
LandProvider Type Id
The id for the provider type for the land dimension
Land Dimension Id Start
The starting id for land dimensions
Statistic Id Offset
The starting id for minestuck achievements
Biome Id Start
The starting id for minestuck biomes
Special Window Id Start
The starting window id for special containers
IDs
Various integer IDs
Initial Modus Size
When a player is assigned a modus for the first time, that modus will have the size of this value.
Default Modus Type
This option determines what possible moduses that may be given to players when they first join the game. (0: Stack, 1: Queue, 2: StackQueue, 3: Tree)
Modus Max Size
The highest number of cards a modus can have. If the value is 0, a maximum size will be ignored.
Force Auto-balance
Determines if and how the auto-balance option (for the tree modus) should be forced. 'Both': Both options are available. 'On': Forced at on. 'Off': Forced at off.
Force Hashmap Eject-by-chat
Determines if and how the eject-by-chat option (for the hashmap modus) should be forced. 'Both': Both options are available. 'On': Forced at on. 'Off': Forced at off.
Item Drop Mode
"Items": Only the captchalouged items will be dropped. "Cards And Items": Cards will also be dropped, but you will always keep up to the initial modus size of cards. "All": All items in the sylladex will be dropped. Even the modus and the rest of the cards.
Drop Items In Cards
If this is true, and both items and cards are dropped on death, the items will be dropped while inside the cards. Otherwise items and cards will instead be dropped separately.
Modus
Modus-related stuff
Private Computers
Set this to true to make computers only accessible by the owner of the computer. (the player who turned on the computer)
Give Items Button
If this is set to true, the 'Activate Editmode' button will be replaced by the old 'Give Items' button.
Card In Deploylist
Turn this to true to add a punched card (with a card punched to it) to the deploy list.
Portable Machines In Deploylist
Determines if the small portable machines should be included in the deploy list.
Card Cost
An integer to control the cost of captchalouge cards.
Include Captcha Card Recipe
Set this to false to remove the crafting recipe for captchalouge cards.
Generate Card As Loot
Set this to true to make captchalouge cards generate in dungeon/stronghold chests.
Generate Cruxite Ore
Determines if cruxite ore should be ganerated in the overworld.
Global Session
If true, all players will be joining the same session. This doesn't do that much yet since nothingso far is dependent of the session structure.
Overworld Edit Range
The maximum amount of blocks away from the computer an editmode player is allowed to be before entering the medium.
Land Edit Range
The maximum amount of blocks away from the spawn an editmode player is allowed to be after entering the medium.
Artifact Range
The radius of the area brought to the medium.
Create Crater on Entry
Turning this off will prevent minestuck from creating craters when players enter the medium. Items and tile entities will still be removed from where the crater should be.
Keep the Medium Loaded
Having this on will make medium dimensions and the area around the spawn stay loaded.
Use Old Item Models
Set this to true to have back all old 2D item models.
Display Color Selector on Login
This option determines if the color selector should be displayed when entering a save file for the first time.
Adapt Entry Block Height
When on, you will be moved up on entry enough to make the top transferred non-air block placed at y:128 and all blocks above it ignored. (Which shouldn't be troubling as the ignored blocks should be handled as air) This will however make the entering the medium take slightly longer time.
Allow Secondary Connections
If this is set to true, other players in your session are allowed to act as your server player temporarily.
Disable Grist Widget
If you want to disable grist widgets because of exploits caused by other mods, you can do it here.
Alchemy Grist Icons
Replaces grist names in the alchemiter/grist widget with icons, and makes the entries adapt to each others length.
Data Checker Permission
Determines who's allowed to access the data checker. "No One": No one is allowed. "Only Operators": only those with a command permission of level 2 or more may access the data ckecker. (for single player, that would be if cheats are turned on) "Only Creative And Spectator": Only players with the creative or spectator gamemode may view the data checker. "Operators, Creative and Spectator": Only non-op survival/adventure players are prevented from using the data checker. "Anyone": No access restrictions are used.
Vanilla Ore Drop
If this is true, the custom vanilla ores added by this mod will drop the standard vanilla ores when mined, instead of the custom type.
Pre-entry Rung Limit
The highest rung you can get before entering medium. Note that the first rung is indexed as 0, the second as 1 and so on.
Show Echeladder Progress
If this is true, players will be able to see their progress towards the next rung. This is server side and will only be active in multiplayer if the server/Lan host has it activated.
Aspect Effects
If this is true, players will gain certain potion effects once they reach a certain rung based on their aspect.
Echeladder Animation
Allows basic control of the "rung gained" amination in the echeladder.
UUID Identification
If this is set to true, minestuck will use uuids to refer to players in the saved data. On false it will instead use the old method based on usernames.
Player-selected Title
Enable this to let players select their own title. They will however not be able to select the Lord or Muse as class.
Can Break Gates
Lets gates be destroyed by explosions. Turning this off will make gates use the same explosion resistance as bedrock.
Disable Giclops
Right now, the giclops pathfinding is currently causing huge amounts of lag due to their size. This option is a short-term solution that will disable giclops spawning and remove all existing giclopses.
Transportalizer-Forbidden Dimensions
A list of dimension id's that you cannot travel to or from using transportalizers.
Ore Multiplier
Multiplies the cost for the 'contents' of an ore. Set to 0 to disable alchemizing ores.
Stop Second Entry
If this is true, players may only use an artifact once, even if they end up in the overworld again.
Grist Refund
Enable this and players will get a (full) grist refund from breaking blocks in editmode.
Cruxtruder Intake
If enabled, the regular cruxtruder will require raw cruxite to function, which is inserted through the pipe.
Alchemiter Max Stacks
The number of stacks that can be alchemized at the same time with the alchemiter.
Skaianet Check
If enabled, will during certain moments perform a check on all connections and computers that are in use. Recommended to turn off if there is a need to improve performance, however skaianet-related bugs might appear when done so.
Default color selected. You can bring up the color selection gui again through the sburb client program, but only until you connect to a server player!
If you want to change the color, you can bring up the color selection gui again through the sburb client program, but only until you connect to a server player!
You are not allowed to access other players computers.
This transportalizer is currently disabled with a redstone signal.
The destination seems to be blocked.
The transportalizer appears to need more space above it to function.
Transportalizers have been disabled for this dimension.
Transportalizers have been disabled for the destination dimension.
The destination gate seems to have been destroyed.
The land this gate leads to does not exist yet!
[HASHMAP] %s %% %s -> %s
Both
Off
On
Items
Cards And Items
All
No One
Only Operators
Only Creative And Spectator
Operators, Creative and Spectator
Anyone
Slow
Normal
Fast
Nothing
Bladekind
Bowkind
Pickaxekind
Axekind
Hoekind
Spadekind
Hammerkind
Canekind
Clubkind
Sicklekind
Sporkkind
Warhorn sounds
Spooky whispers
Estrogen-empowered screech
Echeladder levels up
Nakagator naks
Nakagator hurts
Nakagator dies
Iguana thips
Iguana hurts
Iguana dies
Salamander glubs
Salamander hurts
Salamander dies
Turtle hurts
Turtle dies
Frog croaks
Frog hurts
Frog dies
Imp screeches
Imp hurts
Imp dies
Ogre grunts
Ogre hurts
Ogre dies
Basilisk hisses
Basilisk hurts
Basilisk dies
Lich whispers
Lich hurts
Lich dies
Giclops wants to eat'cha
Giclops hurts
Giclops dies
Oil
Blood
Brain Juice
Paint
End Fluid
Light Water
Oil
Blood
Brain Juice
Paint
End Fluid
Light Water
Chalk
Chalk Bricks
Chiseled Chalk Bricks
Polished Chalk
Black Chess Tile
White Chess Tile
Light Grey Chess Tile
Dark Grey Chess Tile
Cruxite Block
Uranium Block
Perfectly Generic Object
Skaia Portal
Cruxite Ore
Uranium Ore
Quartz Ore
Cruxtruder
Punch Designix
Totem Lathe
Alchemiter
Holopad
Cruxtruder
Punch Designix
Totem Lathe
Alchemiter
GristWidget 12000
SBURB Computer
Crockertop
Hubtop
Laptop
Lunchtop
Layered Sand
Transportalizer
Coarse End Stone
Blue Dirt
Thought Dirt
Dead Planks
End Grass
End Planks
End Sapling
Flowery Mossy Stone Bricks
Flowery Moss Stone
Golden seeds
These seeds are made out of 24-karat gold!
Razor Blade
Only a fool would try to pick this up.
Petrified Poppy
Petrified Grass
Petrified Log
Blooming Cactus
Desert Bush
Glowing Mushroom
Glowing Log
Glowing Planks
End Leaves
Rainbow Leaves
Dead Log
End Log
Vine Oak Logs
Flowery Vine Oak Logs
Frost Logs
Rainbow Logs
Rainbow Planks
Pink Stone
Pink Stone Bricks
Chiseled Pink Stone Bricks
Cracked Pink Stone Bricks
Mossy Pink Stone Bricks
Polished Pink Stone
Dense Cloud
Glowy Goop
Coagulated Blood
Rainbow Sapling
Treated Planks Slab
Rainbow Planks Slab
End Planks Slab
Dead Planks Slab
Chalk Slab
Chalk Brick Slab
Pink Stone Slab
Coarse Stone
Chiseled Coarse Stone
Shade Bricks
Smooth Shade Stone
Frostbricks
Frost Tiles
Chiseled Frost Tiles
Cast-Iron
Chiseled Cast-Iron
Black Stone
Mycelium Bricks
Coarse Stone Stairs
Shade Brick Stairs
Frostbrick Stairs
Cast-Iron Stairs
Mycelium Brick Stairs
Treated Planks Stairs
Rainbow Planks Stairs
End Planks Stairs
Dead Planks Stairs
Chalk Stairs
Chalk Brick Stairs
Pink Stone Stairs
Strawberry
Sugar Cube
Treated Planks
Frost Leaves
Frost Planks
Wooden Cactus
Apple Cake
Blue Cake
Really Cold Cake
Red Cake
Really Hot Cake
Fuchsia Cake
Primed TNT
Unstable TNT
Instant TNT
TNT Button
Cookalyzer
Cruxtruder Lid
Cruxite Dowel
Blender
Vein
Vein
Vein
Corner
Corner (Inverted Flow)
%1$s of %2$s
Bard
Heir
Knight
Mage
Maid
Page
Prince
Rogue
Seer
Sylph
Thief
Witch
Lord
Muse
Blood
Breath
Doom
Heart
Hope
Life
Light
Mind
Rage
Space
Time
Void