By increasing the energy I put to my spells I can increase the potency, this can have a variety of different effects depending on the spell in question.
With refined focus I can improve the efficiency of my spell casting.
My work on the AOE focus has proven to be quite useful, however due to it's nature the range over which it acts is less than I desired. With a slight modification I have devised a similar style of focus which allows the projection of energy in a more directed form. This spell has a much greater range than AOE but will only affect targets in front of me. The aiming is a little strange but it can be effective when used properly.
My studies of elemental magic have fascinated me so far. I believe that by combining the power of digging and flame I can make a new spell type which causes a small explosion at the target.
My discovery of projectiles as a medium for spell casting has given me an idea... What if I were to make some form of bow that could use the arrows it fires as a medium? This idea is untested but I believe it may lead to some interesting results. It functions the same as a staff in terms of equipping and un-equipping the focus but it will ignore whatever targeting type I put on the focus.
My ability to hold an amount of mana within my own body allows me to do many powerful things, however due to this very thing it makes it hard to develop an automatic process. I suspect that it may well be possible to create a container for mana that can be used by certain devices to process resources.
My success in developing Void Crystals has given me a few ideas, with the right application of energy in the form of heat, I can perform fusion recipes automatically! I believe it may also be possible to refine the various minerals I can find around the world.
If what I read here is correct it should well be possible to create a furnace that runs off of the energy stored within a void crystal. Not only will this allow for continuous use but it means that I can also accelerate the process of smelting materials greatly.