These projectiles are useful, however they do have an issue in the sense that they are too easily stopped by obstacles, my latest ideas may allow me to develop a new type of projectile that not only pierces through multiple targets but increases the potency of the spell it carries.
I have devised a more efficient way of transmitting my spells to their destination, using significantly less energy I am able to create a beam that carries the spell to where I am looking, it does however suffer from being short ranged.
This latest discovery suggests that I may be able to cast spells on an area around myself, this could be a fairly useful discovery, and may well have some unusual uses when combined with certain spells.
I think I might have gone a little too far this time, my latest idea is to have my Arc plan work both vertically and horizontally at once, this creates a full spread of projectiles, I doubt that these will be able to hold the same potency of spell as normal but they will make it much easier for me to hit my targets.
My observation of those tall creatures revealed their ability to teleport is in fact a form of dark magic, the type of which I am proficient. As a result I believe that I may well be able to replicate these methods in the form of a spell without the drawbacks.
I have discovered a way to refine the energy that I can strike my foes with, although it has less raw power it is able to pierce through non-magical armour with ease.
Monutan's writings about our universe are hard to understand even after I have translated them, he speaks of a place beyond where the negative energy produced when we cast spells collects. He calls it The Void and with correct application of force it is possible to manipulate this energy.
After extensive research I believe I have happened upon an extremely powerful spell which has the strange ability to create a miniature black hole attuned to pull in entities. It is effective on animals and hostile creatures, and is also effective on people so long as they are not crouched, I can think of a few useful applications for this spell.