These elemental tools are pretty helpful however I suspect there may be a better medium for the powers which they hold, perhaps with some continued use of these effects I will find what I am looking for.
These staves seem  to have issues projecting more powerful spells, I suspect that the current design of amplification rod is struggling to properly maintain a good flow of energy. Perhaps with extended study I may be able to find out what I could do better.
There are still some spells which the staves seem incapable of casting I will need to imagine an even better design for the rod.
These staves are not too bad to use as melee weapons in combat, although it isn't their primary use it still could use some improvement. Maybe after some testing I will think of a better design.
My last improvement to the staff caps was a good step though I think I can probably do better.
This chalk doesn't last very long and I am sure there are plenty of rituals I will need to perform, I want to look into developing a better substance with which I could draw these circles.
My expectations of Monutan turned out to be far from reality. All that was written of him told of his great exploits, guiding us to a better future. But he believes that the act of giving magic to us was his greatest mistake, he says that we were not ready and the war is a testament to this. I can see his point but I fear that the great shame he feels may cause more damage than he has already caused. My people from the kingdom of darkness claimed to have started this war to defend the honour of Monutan when he was removed from the High Council of the Los about 900 years ago. Mountan spoke of two different things which I should look at to start, some pages on §nchalk§r and the §nstrange crystal deposits§r scattered throughout this world. I wish this had been written using the modern glyphs since some of these pages will take time to translate and some... I don't even think I will be able to, for those I will need to do some field work.