It seems that in my haste to collect these crystals I have damaged the structure, pulverizing them into a fine powder. I can still feel a decent amount of energy emanating from it however, perhaps if I could devise some way of §nseeding§r this I may be able to form a new crystal structure.
Excellent, my attempts to translate this page have gone well, I now know how to craft a material that can be used to draw the symbols of the ancient los... Now I just need to work out how I want to make use of this.
Indeed with great care I was able to draw one of the symbols described by this book, to my surprise it shifted as if with some strange energy. It seems that with the application of certain items the chalk shifts itself into a new pattern, then when the suitable reagents are added I can focus myself and behold as it changes before my very eyes. I will need to be careful though as I have noticed certain phenomena that point to some instabilities with the process. So far I know that I can use two different items to change the pattern of the circle. §nRedstone§r and §nGunpowder§r.
Now I have the crystals in hand, I feel like I can make enough observations to translate these pages. Crystals can be used for all sorts it seems, and apparently an alternative way of forming them from the dust as well. This is excellent news, although the ritual to make them is simple it is time consuming, so despite this extra resource cost, it may be well worth it just for that alone.
I have found that many of the materials of this world have great similarities to each other. It would therefore not be unlikely to suggest that perhaps there may be some way to convert these materials between different states. Another thing I have noticed is that some of these things have proven themselves as good building materials in terms of strength... but most of these could do with a little more colour. Anyway I think I have developed a good way of doing this with relative stability, it is more restricted than I had thought originally but it works for a good range of materials such as stone and planks.