It seems that the resilience of these crystals makes them quite good for the creation of tools. I feel an amount of energy radiating from them, I wonder if they can somehow be improved to harness that energy in some way.
My latest translation reveals a specific design of basin that I can use to mix together various reagents. It mentions also that I may be able to infuse the crystal dust with these fluids to focus its magical properties.
Through my extensive studies so far I have devised a way to scale up my researching system to have applications beyond simple translation of these texts. I believe that it may well be possible to use the same devices to transmit signals over long distances, I am not yet sure what applications I may use this for but I can see it being useful.
Thanks to my recent work with the arcane basin I have realised that these different elemental dusts store latent energy which can be released when combined with these slates. I have yet to discover the various uses for this but I can imagine that the results will be significant.
Much like with the plates I have considered the idea of applying these elemental infusions to the crystalline tools I have been developing. I do believe that this will improve the effectiveness of them on the whole even if there may be some minor drawbacks here and there.
Following my extensive usage of the Arcane Basin I believe that it may well be possible to simplify the process and use the Arcane Workbench to perform the same process, this discovery should increase the rate at which I can obtain the various materials previously only accessible via the basin.
After my continued use of the Water based tools I have devised an artifact of sorts that exhibits similar properties. With it I can create water and if I am not mistake I seem to be able to breath underwater while holding it!
After my continued use of the Earth based tools I have devised an artifact of sorts that exhibits similar properties. With it I am able to scan for valuables at a much greater distance, up to 48 blocks instead of the usual 3!