After my continued use of the Earth based tools I have devised an artifact of sorts that exhibits similar properties. With it not only can I create fire at will but I am also immune to the damaging effects of it while I hold the item!
After my continued use of the Earth based tools I have devised an artifact of sorts that exhibits similar properties. With it I am able to boost myself forward slightly in a direction while also being immune to falling damage!
After my continued use of the Earth based tools I have devised an artifact of sorts that exhibits similar properties. With it I can not only create glowing anomalies but I am also able to highlight nearby creatures using its §nalternate effect§r!
After my continued use of the Earth based tools I have devised an artifact of sorts that exhibits similar properties. With it I can teleport greater distances with a reduced cost of my own life and also am able to see in the dark while holding it!
These pages speak of a device that can be used to concentrate the power of the elements into a new form, then using the strength of my will project forth this power manipulating the world around me. I have devised a form of crystal I could use to control how the energy is projected. I can see myself needing quite a few of these as time goes on so I may want to design some device to store them for quick changes. They also mention a §nNew Ritual using Pure Crystal Blocks§r, it says that this ritual will use my own experience to increase my mana, the more mana I have however the more experience I will need! §nRight click to equip a focus from inventory, shift + scroll to detach the focus.§r
Some of these spells are incredibly powerful indeed however after studying their effects closely I believe I could create a stronger staff that could withstand a greater flow of energy.
It seems that even with my previous improvements there is still more work to be done here, perhaps making use of this infused wood instead of standard wood I could make an even better rod for these staves.