My latest investigations into the powers I have control over reveals that with the correct focus I can launch creatures away from myself and with modification can pull them towards myself, I suspect that this will be an important skill to make use of in future.
It was long believed that a Los was incapable of controlling more than on element, the existence of the Celestios and Avalos proved that in certain cases it was very possible. They have a unique ability to truly master their elements, but my latest findings suggest that it may be possible to have some slight control however slight over other elements.
Applying spells directly to myself or to those closest isn't always ideal. By the looks of things there is a way I could focus more of my energy into a projectile of sorts that could carry the effects of my spell at a distance. This will prove to be a useful discovery, though I suspect there may be further modifications with more study.
With some careful planning I believe I have developed a consistent way of tripling the output of the projectiles, by sacrificing the precise accuracy I should be able to do this without much additional effort. It should also be possible as an [Alternate Effect] to have the projectiles spread vertically instead.
My previous methods made it quite difficult to actually hit my targets so I have devised an improved version of my projectile splitting ability, this too has it's [Alternate Effect]
I believe that I may well have just developed a method which I could apply to my various spells to boost the distance over which they are effective, I don't think it will work with everything however.
By reducing the amount of energy I put into creating these projectiles they seem to obey gravity.
Projectiles are good and all, but the travel time involved can make it rather difficult to aim, not to mention that when they do arrive at their destination the area they affect can be a little small, with my latest thoughts I could generate a spell at a distant location without the need of a projectile to carry it there.