Shadow Legacy
SL Decorative
Shadow Ward
Frostbite
Hypothermia
Defusion Ritual
Exorcism Ritual
Fusion Ritual
Growth Ritual
Transmutation Ritual
Void Ritual
Knowledge Ritual
Arcane Basin
Color:
Colorless
Black
Red
Green
Brown
Blue
Purple
Cyan
Light Gray
Gray
Pink
Lime
Yellow
Light Blue
Magenta
Orange
White
Ritual Reagent
Ingredient
Result
Add Quest to Tracker
Remove Quest from Tracker
Exit Instance
Enter Instance
Complete Instance:
Variant:
No Template
Shifting Items
Not Shifting Items
Cancel Research
Generate new Puzzle
Attempt Completion
Force Completion With:
Mirrors
Splitters
Dual Mirrors
Previous Page
Next Page
Insufficient Mana
Missing Required Research
Magic does not work here
Toggle Help Screen
Dimension
Activate block to mark location
Resonates near Stone
Mana Cost
Corruption Cost
Required Research
Mana Discount
Corruption Discount
Right-Click to insert Mana
Sneak + Right-Click to extract Mana
Bound to your soul
Bound to another's soul
Stored Corruption:§d
Stored Mana:§b
Loading
Loading.
Loading..
Loading...
§l§2Activated
§l§4Deactivated
§6Left-Click to Toggle
§eRight-Click to View Entry
Mana Bar
Control whether the Mana Bar should be visible or not!
Quest Tracker
Control whether the Quest Tracker should be visible or not!
Contact Smelting
Mined blocks are automatically smelted! (Where Applicable) (Stacks with Fortune)
Bountiful Harvest
Adds an additional level of fortune when mining blocks!
Soft Hands
Silk Touch when mining blocks!
Step Assist
Uphill step-assist makes full blocks climbable like stairs or slabs!
Windswept
Permanent Speed Boost effect! (Stacks with Beacons)
Uplifted
Permanent Jump Boost effect! (Stacks with Beacons)
Far Reach
Increase your Reach Distance, allowing you to break, place and interact with blocks from further away!
Fists of Fury
Massive unarmed damage boost, now you deal 4 damage per strike!
Burning Hands
Adds Fire Aspect to all melee attacks!
Forceful Strike
Adds Knockback to all melee attacks!
Void Soul
Regenerate your mana twice as fast!
Swift Arm
Permanent Haste effect! (Stacks with Beacons)
Magnetic Core
Sneak to magnet items towards you!
Mystical Maintenance
Held tools repair over time!
Flurry
Faster attack speeds make everything better!
Aquatic
Faster mining and longer hold breath time while in water!
Poisoned Touch
Adds Poison to all melee attacks!
Alphos
Berohs
Centheros
Daeteros
Eatros
Phataeroh
Geatris
Hohnari
Inimi
Jindoh
Kaldohs
Lindis
Mioh
Niruae
Ohea
Poiae
Qweria
Risu
Siru
Teatri
Uaei
Verios
Wearoh
Xandu
Yannis
Zaxi
Planks
Cobblestone
Stone
Bricks
Big Bricks
Cracked Big Bricks
Chiseled Big Bricks
Stone Tiles
Prism Bricks
Stone Panel
Glowstone
Lantern
Lamp
Planks
Flat Block
Big Tile
Marbled Stone
Marbled Bricks
Marbled Big Bricks
Plank Stairs
Cobblestone Stairs
Stone Stairs
Brick Stairs
Big Brick Stairs
Cracked Big Brick Stairs
Chiseled Big Brick Stairs
Stone Tile Stairs
Prism Brick Stairs
Stone Panel Stairs
Flat Block Stairs
Big Tile Stairs
Marbled Stone Stairs
Marbled Brick Stairs
Marbled Big Brick Stairs
Plank Slab
Cobblestone Slab
Stone Slab
Brick Slab
Big Brick Slab
Cracked Big Brick Slab
Chiseled Big Brick Slab
Stone Tile Slab
Prism Brick Slab
Stone Panel Slab
Flat Block Slab
Big Tile Slab
Marbled Stone Slab
Marbled Brick Slab
Marbled Big Brick Slab
Crystal Deposit
Block Transmuter
§BArcana Mysterium
Arcane Chalk
Mana-Infused Chalk
Simple
§9Damp
§6Dense
§4Searing
§eFloating
§lBright
§7Murky
§bPure
Mana-Infused
Elemental Dust
Crystal
Crystal Seed
Crystal Pick
Crystal Axe
Crystal Shovel
Crystal Hoe
Crystal Sword
Arcane Workbench
Advanced Arcane Workbench
Void Workbench
Ritual Circle
Arcane Basin
Blank Plate
Plate of Healing
Plate of Defence
Plate of Agility
Plate of Combat
Plate of Transposition
Plate of Purity
Plate of Change
Mana-Infused Ingot
Artifact
Simple Amplification Rod
Complex Amplification Rod
Infused Amplification Rod
Iron-Capped Simple Staff
Gold-Capped Simple Staff
Mana-Capped Simple Staff
Iron-Capped Complex Staff
Gold-Capped Complex Staff
Mana-Capped Complex Staff
Iron-Capped Infused Staff
Gold-Capped Infused Staff
Mana-Capped Infused Staff
Iron-Capped Simple Staff
Gold-Capped Simple Staff
Mana-Capped Simple Staff
Iron-Capped Complex Staff
Gold-Capped Complex Staff
Mana-Capped Complex Staff
Iron-Capped Infused Staff
Gold-Capped Infused Staff
Mana-Capped Infused Staff
Iron-Capped Simple Wand
Gold-Capped Simple Wand
Mana-Capped Simple Wand
Iron-Capped Complex Wand
Gold-Capped Complex Wand
Mana-Capped Complex Wand
Iron-Capped Infused Wand
Gold-Capped Infused Wand
Mana-Capped Infused Wand
Iron-Capped Simple Wand
Gold-Capped Simple Wand
Mana-Capped Simple Wand
Iron-Capped Complex Wand
Gold-Capped Complex Wand
Mana-Capped Complex Wand
Iron-Capped Infused Wand
Gold-Capped Infused Wand
Mana-Capped Infused Wand
§aEmerald Tablet
§dMonutan's Stone
Focusing Crystal
Arcane Runestone
Crystal Runestone
Mirror
Splitter
Beam Emitter
Beam Collector
Dual Mirror
Beam Blocker
Glowing Anomaly
Lordic Stone
Crystal Block
Spell Workbench
Mana-Infused Metal Block
Imbued Inscription Tile
Arcane Bow
Void Crystal
Crystal
Iron
Copper
Gold
Tin
Silver
Lead
Aluminum
Zinc
Nickel
Titanium
Osmium
Platinum
Arcane Forge
Arcane Furnace
Completed
Locked
Missing Required Research
Obtainable
§BNew Research Unlocked!
§2Bius
§5Alcheu
§EElemthe
§3Ceruke
Basics
Dusts
Crystals
Arcane Chalk
Ritual Circles
Crystal Tools
Arcane Basin
Celestial Reflection
Arcane Plates
Elemental Tools
Basin Crafting
Water Artifacts
Earth Artifacts
Fire Artifacts
Air Artifacts
Light Artifacts
Dark Artifacts
Block Transmutation
Casting Staves
Improved Staff Rods
Ultimate Staff Rods
Improved Staff Caps
Ultimate Staff Caps
Improved Chalk
Casting Wands
Rune Casting
Advanced Runestones
Advanced Workbench
This page is hard to decipher, however I have seen the phrase §nElemental Crystals§r used a lot, perhaps I should be on the lookout for them, I imagine that once I have them in my hands things may start to make more sense.
The parts of these pages that I can understand suggest that I should try §nDrawing with the Chalk§r seems a bit strange to me however there is this symbol which I believe isn't just a letter that I could try drawing.
This is interesting, these pages suggest that there may be a §nRitual§r that can take this dust and turn it back into a crystal. I guess Monutan must have run into the same issue when collecting the crystals, anyway this seems to mention §nWater§r being used as a reagent of some sort.
The Arcane Basin is a useful device although the process is rather slow, perhaps with continued study of its use I may theorise a way of making it easier.
These elemental tools are pretty helpful however I suspect there may be a better medium for the powers which they hold, perhaps with some continued use of these effects I will find what I am looking for.
These elemental tools are pretty helpful however I suspect there may be a better medium for the powers which they hold, perhaps with some continued use of these effects I will find what I am looking for.
These elemental tools are pretty helpful however I suspect there may be a better medium for the powers which they hold, perhaps with some continued use of these effects I will find what I am looking for.
These elemental tools are pretty helpful however I suspect there may be a better medium for the powers which they hold, perhaps with some continued use of these effects I will find what I am looking for.
These elemental tools are pretty helpful however I suspect there may be a better medium for the powers which they hold, perhaps with some continued use of these effects I will find what I am looking for.
These elemental tools are pretty helpful however I suspect there may be a better medium for the powers which they hold, perhaps with some continued use of these effects I will find what I am looking for.
These staves seem  to have issues projecting more powerful spells, I suspect that the current design of amplification rod is struggling to properly maintain a good flow of energy. Perhaps with extended study I may be able to find out what I could do better.
There are still some spells which the staves seem incapable of casting I will need to imagine an even better design for the rod.
These staves are not too bad to use as melee weapons in combat, although it isn't their primary use it still could use some improvement. Maybe after some testing I will think of a better design.
My last improvement to the staff caps was a good step though I think I can probably do better.
This chalk doesn't last very long and I am sure there are plenty of rituals I will need to perform, I want to look into developing a better substance with which I could draw these circles.
My expectations of Monutan turned out to be far from reality. All that was written of him told of his great exploits, guiding us to a better future. But he believes that the act of giving magic to us was his greatest mistake, he says that we were not ready and the war is a testament to this. I can see his point but I fear that the great shame he feels may cause more damage than he has already caused. My people from the kingdom of darkness claimed to have started this war to defend the honour of Monutan when he was removed from the High Council of the Los about 900 years ago. Mountan spoke of two different things which I should look at to start, some pages on §nchalk§r and the §nstrange crystal deposits§r scattered throughout this world. I wish this had been written using the modern glyphs since some of these pages will take time to translate and some... I don't even think I will be able to, for those I will need to do some field work.
It seems that in my haste to collect these crystals I have damaged the structure, pulverizing them into a fine powder. I can still feel a decent amount of energy emanating from it however, perhaps if I could devise some way of §nseeding§r this I may be able to form a new crystal structure.
Excellent, my attempts to translate this page have gone well, I now know how to craft a material that can be used to draw the symbols of the ancient los... Now I just need to work out how I want to make use of this.
Indeed with great care I was able to draw one of the symbols described by this book, to my surprise it shifted as if with some strange energy. It seems that with the application of certain items the chalk shifts itself into a new pattern, then when the suitable reagents are added I can focus myself and behold as it changes before my very eyes. I will need to be careful though as I have noticed certain phenomena that point to some instabilities with the process. So far I know that I can use two different items to change the pattern of the circle. §nRedstone§r and §nGunpowder§r.
Now I have the crystals in hand, I feel like I can make enough observations to translate these pages. Crystals can be used for all sorts it seems, and apparently an alternative way of forming them from the dust as well. This is excellent news, although the ritual to make them is simple it is time consuming, so despite this extra resource cost, it may be well worth it just for that alone.
I have found that many of the materials of this world have great similarities to each other. It would therefore not be unlikely to suggest that perhaps there may be some way to convert these materials between different states. Another thing I have noticed is that some of these things have proven themselves as good building materials in terms of strength... but most of these could do with a little more colour. Anyway I think I have developed a good way of doing this with relative stability, it is more restricted than I had thought originally but it works for a good range of materials such as stone and planks.
It seems that the resilience of these crystals makes them quite good for the creation of tools. I feel an amount of energy radiating from them, I wonder if they can somehow be improved to harness that energy in some way.
My latest translation reveals a specific design of basin that I can use to mix together various reagents. It mentions also that I may be able to infuse the crystal dust with these fluids to focus its magical properties.
Through my extensive studies so far I have devised a way to scale up my researching system to have applications beyond simple translation of these texts. I believe that it may well be possible to use the same devices to transmit signals over long distances, I am not yet sure what applications I may use this for but I can see it being useful.
Thanks to my recent work with the arcane basin I have realised that these different elemental dusts store latent energy which can be released when combined with these slates. I have yet to discover the various uses for this but I can imagine that the results will be significant.
Much like with the plates I have considered the idea of applying these elemental infusions to the crystalline tools I have been developing. I do believe that this will improve the effectiveness of them on the whole even if there may be some minor drawbacks here and there.
Following my extensive usage of the Arcane Basin I believe that it may well be possible to simplify the process and use the Arcane Workbench to perform the same process, this discovery should increase the rate at which I can obtain the various materials previously only accessible via the basin.
After my continued use of the Water based tools I have devised an artifact of sorts that exhibits similar properties. With it I can create water and if I am not mistake I seem to be able to breath underwater while holding it!
After my continued use of the Earth based tools I have devised an artifact of sorts that exhibits similar properties. With it I am able to scan for valuables at a much greater distance, up to 48 blocks instead of the usual 3!
After my continued use of the Earth based tools I have devised an artifact of sorts that exhibits similar properties. With it not only can I create fire at will but I am also immune to the damaging effects of it while I hold the item!
After my continued use of the Earth based tools I have devised an artifact of sorts that exhibits similar properties. With it I am able to boost myself forward slightly in a direction while also being immune to falling damage!
After my continued use of the Earth based tools I have devised an artifact of sorts that exhibits similar properties. With it I can not only create glowing anomalies but I am also able to highlight nearby creatures using its §nalternate effect§r!
After my continued use of the Earth based tools I have devised an artifact of sorts that exhibits similar properties. With it I can teleport greater distances with a reduced cost of my own life and also am able to see in the dark while holding it!
These pages speak of a device that can be used to concentrate the power of the elements into a new form, then using the strength of my will project forth this power manipulating the world around me. I have devised a form of crystal I could use to control how the energy is projected. I can see myself needing quite a few of these as time goes on so I may want to design some device to store them for quick changes. They also mention a §nNew Ritual using Pure Crystal Blocks§r, it says that this ritual will use my own experience to increase my mana, the more mana I have however the more experience I will need! §nRight click to equip a focus from inventory, shift + scroll to detach the focus.§r
Some of these spells are incredibly powerful indeed however after studying their effects closely I believe I could create a stronger staff that could withstand a greater flow of energy.
It seems that even with my previous improvements there is still more work to be done here, perhaps making use of this infused wood instead of standard wood I could make an even better rod for these staves.
These staves do have some minor problems, since they are two handed tools I often find myself striking my foes in close quarters. The current iron caps for the staff are effective but I believe that I will be able to improve on this by using other metals such as gold.
Perhaps gold was not the best choice for the caps, indeed after some investigation I believe that the infused metal I have been creating will work much better than any of my previous attempts.
Thanks to my continual use of Arcane Chalk I believe I have an idea of how I could develop an improved version of it that automatically replenishes itself as it is used.
Staves have proven themselves to be effective casting tools. However due to their two-handed nature they aren't as versatile as I would like, thus I have designed a smaller casting implement that can be used in one hand, it has a couple of drawbacks but on the whole could still be useful to me.
My current methods of spell casting are effective although there is a great level of inconvenience, having to swap out focusing crystals constantly. These pages speak of an alternative way of spell casting, by carving a stone in an appropriate manner I will be able to use it as a casting device with the ability to hold multiple foci at once. §nRight click to equip a focus from inventory, shift + scroll to switch to next focus slot, shift + secondary effect + scroll to detach current focus.§r
My research into the transmutation of stones has revealed an alternative medium to carve Runestones out of. This has a much greater strength and will be able to hold an additional three foci.
Through continued use of my Arcane Workbench I believe that I can improve on my design, with the addition of some storage space I may well be able to improve the efficiency of my crafting. I also believe I have discovered a new type of ritual, using books as the catalyst I can create an item that can be used to translate a single piece of research from the book.
My latest investigations into the powers I have control over reveals that with the correct focus I can launch creatures away from myself and with modification can pull them towards myself, I suspect that this will be an important skill to make use of in future.
It was long believed that a Los was incapable of controlling more than on element, the existence of the Celestios and Avalos proved that in certain cases it was very possible. They have a unique ability to truly master their elements, but my latest findings suggest that it may be possible to have some slight control however slight over other elements.
Applying spells directly to myself or to those closest isn't always ideal. By the looks of things there is a way I could focus more of my energy into a projectile of sorts that could carry the effects of my spell at a distance. This will prove to be a useful discovery, though I suspect there may be further modifications with more study.
With some careful planning I believe I have developed a consistent way of tripling the output of the projectiles, by sacrificing the precise accuracy I should be able to do this without much additional effort. It should also be possible as an [Alternate Effect] to have the projectiles spread vertically instead.
My previous methods made it quite difficult to actually hit my targets so I have devised an improved version of my projectile splitting ability, this too has it's [Alternate Effect]
I believe that I may well have just developed a method which I could apply to my various spells to boost the distance over which they are effective, I don't think it will work with everything however.
By reducing the amount of energy I put into creating these projectiles they seem to obey gravity.
Projectiles are good and all, but the travel time involved can make it rather difficult to aim, not to mention that when they do arrive at their destination the area they affect can be a little small, with my latest thoughts I could generate a spell at a distant location without the need of a projectile to carry it there.
These projectiles are useful, however they do have an issue in the sense that they are too easily stopped by obstacles, my latest ideas may allow me to develop a new type of projectile that not only pierces through multiple targets but increases the potency of the spell it carries.
I have devised a more efficient way of transmitting my spells to their destination, using significantly less energy I am able to create a beam that carries the spell to where I am looking, it does however suffer from being short ranged.
This latest discovery suggests that I may be able to cast spells on an area around myself, this could be a fairly useful discovery, and may well have some unusual uses when combined with certain spells.
I think I might have gone a little too far this time, my latest idea is to have my Arc plan work both vertically and horizontally at once, this creates a full spread of projectiles, I doubt that these will be able to hold the same potency of spell as normal but they will make it much easier for me to hit my targets.
My observation of those tall creatures revealed their ability to teleport is in fact a form of dark magic, the type of which I am proficient. As a result I believe that I may well be able to replicate these methods in the form of a spell without the drawbacks.
I have discovered a way to refine the energy that I can strike my foes with, although it has less raw power it is able to pierce through non-magical armour with ease.
Monutan's writings about our universe are hard to understand even after I have translated them, he speaks of a place beyond where the negative energy produced when we cast spells collects. He calls it The Void and with correct application of force it is possible to manipulate this energy.
After extensive research I believe I have happened upon an extremely powerful spell which has the strange ability to create a miniature black hole attuned to pull in entities. It is effective on animals and hostile creatures, and is also effective on people so long as they are not crouched, I can think of a few useful applications for this spell.
By increasing the energy I put to my spells I can increase the potency, this can have a variety of different effects depending on the spell in question.
With refined focus I can improve the efficiency of my spell casting.
My work on the AOE focus has proven to be quite useful, however due to it's nature the range over which it acts is less than I desired. With a slight modification I have devised a similar style of focus which allows the projection of energy in a more directed form. This spell has a much greater range than AOE but will only affect targets in front of me. The aiming is a little strange but it can be effective when used properly.
My studies of elemental magic have fascinated me so far. I believe that by combining the power of digging and flame I can make a new spell type which causes a small explosion at the target.
My discovery of projectiles as a medium for spell casting has given me an idea... What if I were to make some form of bow that could use the arrows it fires as a medium? This idea is untested but I believe it may lead to some interesting results. It functions the same as a staff in terms of equipping and un-equipping the focus but it will ignore whatever targeting type I put on the focus.
My ability to hold an amount of mana within my own body allows me to do many powerful things, however due to this very thing it makes it hard to develop an automatic process. I suspect that it may well be possible to create a container for mana that can be used by certain devices to process resources.
My success in developing Void Crystals has given me a few ideas, with the right application of energy in the form of heat, I can perform fusion recipes automatically! I believe it may also be possible to refine the various minerals I can find around the world.
If what I read here is correct it should well be possible to create a furnace that runs off of the energy stored within a void crystal. Not only will this allow for continuous use but it means that I can also accelerate the process of smelting materials greatly.
Impulse Spells
Elemental Spells
Projectiles
Trinity
Arc
Range Modifier
Lobbing Modifiers
Advanced Targeting
Javelin
Channeling
AOE Targeting
Projectile Scattering
Blink
Shadow Strike
Void Damage
Gravity Well
Spell Amplification
Spell Efficiency
Disk
Blasting
Arcane Archery
Void Energy
Arcane Forge
Arcane Furnace
§BBasin Recipes Completed:
§BWater Tool Effects Used:
§BEarth Tool Effects Used:
§BFire Tool Effects Used:
§BFalls Survived:
§BLight Tool Effects Used:
§BDark Tool Effects Used:
§BSpells Cast with Staff:
§BSpells Cast with Staff (Mana Cost > 2):
§BMobs hit with Staff:
§BMobs hit with Staff (Golden Caps):
§BRitual Circles Drawn:
Help Screen
To complete the research you simply have to redirect the beam using the provided mirrors such that it reaches all of the end points at once. Mirrors are placed by Left-Clicking them onto a tile, they can be removed by holding Shift while Left-Clicking. Mirrors can be rotated using the mouse wheel (This can be done in the placement preview and even on already placed mirrors), or by Right-Clicking placed ones (Holding shift when Right-Clicking will rotate the mirror the other way). Holding Shift while scrolling on an empty tile will cycle through the mirror types, you can also just click on the buttons to change the type.
Current Objective
Meeting of Minds
Open your quest journal (Default: X)
Start Instance: Arcane Creator
Finish Instance: Arcane Creator
Translate the Arcana Mysterium
Arcane Creator
§cNo valuable blocks detected!
§BInsufficient Levels!
froze to death
became waterlogged
returned to the earth
became ash
was blown away
became drained
lost their mind
was consumed by shadows
fused with the void
Current:§B
Targeting
Spell
Modifier
Current Spell:
Self
Touch
Projectile
Selected Block
AOE
Trinity
Arc
Javelin
Scatter
Channeling
Disk
Amplified
Ranged
Frugal
Lobbing
Healing
Regeneration
Blink
Dig
Pull
Push
Lift
Frost
Flame
Dark Damage
Shadow Damage
Void Damage
Gravity Well
Blasting
Maximum Spell Cost
Insufficient Rod Strength!
Requires Both Hands!
Cannot cast with Wand!
Refocus Crystal
Missing Focusing Crystal
Invalid Spell
You... you are not the Thelos! how have you managed to contact me?
I did not mean to intrude.
I came seeking advice.
I am not one who can be easily contacted, your ability to do so can hardly be coincidental.
Magic is a mysterious thing.
Perhaps we were fated to meet?
Indeed, and that is why we must take care when attempting to work alongside it.
Could I ask for some advice?
An interesting conjecture. But there must be some purpose for why we have met, why would you wish to meet me?
I suppose I would seek advice.
Why would you wish to have my advice, surely you know who I am seeing as you came here with a purpose?
You are Monutan, the creator of magic.
I wish to learn magic from you.
Then you should know that I left the High Council of Overlords in disgrace. I am a fool and should never have given the power of the elements to the Los, for if I had not, we would not have lived through these near 1000 years of hostility between the different nations of the Los.
I wish to stop the war.
I have the mistake of giving my power to the Los once before, why should I offer you more power?
I wish to stop the war.
And why should I trust you? You belong to the Nation of Darkness, why should you wish to see this war end with neither the Cosmics or Naturals victorious?
There is no victory to find here.
You do show much wisdom... Perhaps I am mistaken. However I have learned much from the past and so I shall not teach you directly, you see to do that would be to give you power you have not truly earned, I see in you the potential to do great things and so I will instead set you a task. Translate this text The Arcana Mysterium, my book of knowledge compiled from my discoveries throughout the first era. In translating it you will learn not only how to fully master the element of darkness but also gain some understanding of the others.
I shall accept this task of yours.
Monutan