Macuahuitl
Forge a Macuahuitl from harvested beanstalk logs, sharpened obsidian, and an entwined handle.
Macuahuitl Novice
Use your macuahuitl in battle and kill 60 hostiles of at least 4 different types (no, spiders and silverfish don't really count).
Ocelot Warrior (Stealth)
Advance your novice macuahuitl skills status by adding a further 60 hostiles of at least 3 additional types.
Jaguar Warrior (Cunning, Strength)
Use your stealth to fine-tune your macuahuitl skills by outwitting or just over-powering an additional 100 hostiles in hand-to-hand combat.
Warrior Noble (Leadership)
No clue yet, but I'm sure it involves getting others to do the dirty work.
Means to an Enderman
Steal an ender dragon's eye and corrupt it thoroughly. Use that eye to make ender-tainted diamonds and a Corrupt Ender Sword for hunting endermen.
Miner Shrivels
You don't need beacons to insta-mine! Find a location that's hot and sunny by day, cold and dry by night. Air-dry some raw wild potatoes into SunFrost Dried Potatoes and make yourself some deliciously potent Miner's Stew.
Miscellaneous
Odds and ends (but no Endermen)
Mob Thwacked
Create an Impressible Bone. Use it (thwack a hostile mob). Get yourself a targeted Darkened Eye.
No-boom No-boom
Using an Arley Necklace, avoid certain creepery explosive death. Rejoice! Ya-da-da Da-da-da Da-da-da Da.
Parroting Parent
Make a baby! Capture and breed a gray 'Papabird' parrot with some green 'Mamabird' parrots.
Player le phew!
Make a real stink: create a batch of Rotten Eggs. Throw some for fun. Brew some for fighting.
Rod of Ages Pink
Convert Pinkly Eggs into their everlasting Pinkly Rod form.
Secrets Unlocked
The start. Breed and nurture a family of happy pink sheep to collect a pack of Pinkly Eggs-- the key to great pinkly adventures!
Slap Happy
Become a true slapspert. Hone your slappy skills across mob types and across dimensions with both custom versions of the slapper. Remember, you'll first need to do some serious hacking and go on a fat-to-flat diet.