Icky oozy masses of squirmies you find in a thriving Box Farm. A single mass will contain several hundred squirmies (right-click the mass to disentangle them). Use as bait in Trawling Stations and for squirmies storage.
A super-food you prepare by drying packed wild potatoes under the sun in a cold, dry, environment like extreme hills. If the drying potatoes are exposed to moisture or left too long they will rot.
One of the stages or drops associated with the creation of Blessed Earth from Rainbow Slurry soaked mycelium. Rainbow Wisps will drop from Pinkly Mycelium blocks only. See wiki for instructions on farming.
Seasoned cudgel shards are dropped when a cudgel breaks after bludgeoning many hapless mobs. Use the shards to form the teeth of the pinkly Hack Sword for all your heady needs.
A safe capsule used to keep a bewitched non-hostile mob or captured villager's essence until re-animation is possible. +Use in a new location to generate a new, similar entity.
Items found only in or near a normal beanstalk, its loot boxes, or its junk chests. Read the wiki for the details of each item and go find yourself some Lost Beans!
An Obsidian Obliterator (found in a Beanstalk's crown loot) will often break off shards and flakes of obsidian as it works on an obsidian block. The block is not destroyed when flakes break off. A mini club hammer can also generate flakes but it takes a LONG time and the hammer will destroy the obsidian block in the process.
Special item found only in very rare loot chests or given as a reward for completing a particularly onerous challenge advancement.
Special item created by a corrupted Eye of Giants.
Albino Apples are dropped from the leaves of dark oak trees grown in forests or swamps. You MUST use a Whack a' Leaf Stick to harvest the dark oak leaves to get these apples.
The beginnings of one of Mr. G's Beanstalks. Lost Beans (from which saplings are grown) are found in stronghold library loot chests and rarely in a Nitwit villager's hidden inventory. Rainbow seeds planted on Blessed Earth occasionally produce a Stunted Beanstalk Sapling from which you can harvest a Lost Bean.