Thaumic Brewing
Thaumic Brewing
Brewing is an interesting art.  It doesn't appear to utilize thaumaturgy, but the results it produces are undeniably special.  I suspect that, with some effort, I could recreate its effects more efficiently using alchemical principles.
Basic Potions
By studying some of the more basic products of brewing, I should be able to learn how to recreate them using essentia.
Success!  I've devised several recipes for creating potions with alchemy, using Alkimia essentia as a binder.  Now to see how I can expand on that.
Advanced Potions
I've been unable so far to recreate some of the more complex brewing recipes using a water base.  Perhaps augmenting existing potions will get me the results I'm after... 
My theory was correct.  By using an existing potion as a catalyst, I'm now able to create more complex types of potions.
Debilitating Potions
Like thaumaturgy, brewing has a dark side.  Is it worth recreating that as well?
As I suspected, a simple inversion of effect using Perditio essentia was enough to turn helpful potions into debilitating ones.  Not that I'd recommend actually drinking any of them.
Powerful Basic Potions
Brewing allows for several types of potions to be given an enhanced effect with the addition of redstone dust.  Perhaps that amplification process can be reproduced alchemically as well.
A splash of Potentia did the trick.  That shouldn't surprise me, given how chock full of the stuff redstone is, but I confess that I'd expected it to be a bit more... complicated.
Powerful Advanced Potions
I wonder if advanced potions can have their effects amplified in the same way that basic potions can.  This warrants further experimentation.
Just like basic potions, a touch of Potentia was enough to make my advanced potions more powerful.
Powerful Debilitating Potions
Can my debilitating potions be made more powerful?  Is it worth the cost?
For better or worse, these foul concoctions are even more potent than before.
Extended Basic Potions
Several types of brewed potions can have the duration of their effects extended by adding some glowstone dust to the mix.  How do I recreate that with alchemy?
Strangely enough, Lux essentia was the answer.  I wouldn't have expected it to have time-related effects, but then again it is found in the glowstone that brewing uses.  Perhaps there's some unseen connection between the two arts.
Extended Advanced Potions
It stands to reason that if basic potions can have their effects extended, then advanced potions should as well.  Only one way to find out.
As with my earlier experiments, a little bit of Lux has extended the effects of my advanced potions.
Extended Debilitating Potions
Perhaps these debilitating potions can have their effects extended as well.  Assuming, of course, that I'm willing to partake in that kind of research.
Light is a strange thing to be adding to such dark mixtures, but alchemy doesn't always conform to our expectations.  Nonetheless, it accomplished my goals here.
Splash Potions
Sometimes I don't want to drink a potion myself, but rather apply its effects to another.  At a brewing stand I'd add a pinch of gunpowder to cause the flask to burst.  How can I recreate that effect using essentia?
The gunpowder angle was a red herring, but I've found my answer.  By adding some Aqua essentia to the any potion, I can cause it to splash readily upon contact with a surface.
Lingering Potions
Some rare brews can have their effects linger in a cloud upon exposure to the air, but the main ingredient for that, dragon's breath, isn't the easiest thing to come by.  I'm going to need another solution if I want to replicate this.
A little outside-the-box thinking has brought to me the answer: Spiritus!  Just as the spirits of the lost linger, so too shall any potions that I infuse with it.