Curio
Curious of Curio
Ring
Belt
Amulet
Tiara
Mystic Crystal
Air Crystal Shard
Water Crystal Shard
Earth Crystal Shard
Fire Crystal Shard
Mystic Crystal Dust
Belt of Water Walking
Amulet of Diving
Ring of Flight
Magnet Ring
Speed Belt
Wall climbing Belt
Falling Belt
Growth Pendant
Amulet of Nightvision
Amulet of the Fiery Core
Deflection Tiara
Mystic Ore
Fire Crystal
Water Crystal
Earth Crystal
Air Crystal
Infusing Table
Pedestal
Base crafting item for rings.
Base crafting item for belts.
Base crafting item for amulets.
Base crafting item for tiaras.
Used in crafting recipes. Obtained by mining the crystal.
Used in crafting recipes. Obtained by mining the crystal.
Used in crafting recipes. Obtained by mining the crystal.
Used in crafting recipes. Obtained by mining the crystal.
Obtained by using a infused Mystic crystal to regain experience. Can be crafted back into a crystal.
Used in crafting recipes. can be infused with XP. (right-click to return XP, Gives back dust). A infusion level is select by adding a lapis to the infusion table. 1 lapis is one step up.
lets you walk on water. Press shift to fall back into the water.
Lets you breathe underwater.
Lets you fly like creative.
Pull items toward you. Holding Shift will deactivate the effect.
Makes you run and fly faster.
Removes fall damage.
Speeds up the growth of any plant. Has limited durability.
Gives you night vision.
Protects you from fire damage. Has limited durability.
The base version deflects 50 percent of all projectiles. When infused with 50 experience level it will deflect 100 percent of all projectiles.
Found in the overworld around the same level as diamond.
Found in the nether.
Found on the bottom of large bodies of water.
Found in foresty area's.
Found on the highest mountain.
Infuse items with experience! the level is selected by adding lapis after the infusable item to select the level. right click to start the infusion and shift+right click to remove the item.
Display any item! If the item is a bauble the pedestal will give the effect of that bauble to the player who placed the block in a area of 25 blocks.
Curio
Toggle Amulet of Growth