Logistical Automation Vol. 32
Logistical Automation Vol. 32
Dr. Einberg Falkenstein
Choose Your Research
Components
Conveyors
Machines (Not Implemented)
Decor
Introduction
Logistic Wrench
Iron Dowels
Motor Sets
Leather Belt Sets
Components are vital parts for creating all sorts of blocks and items detailed in this book.
The Logistic Wrench is a tool used for everything from rotating machines and changing what direction escalators move.
Iron Dowels are small iron sticks which are used for everything from creating rollers, catwalks, motors, and more.
Motor Sets are used for the creation of all kinds of machines, and more specifically, conveyors.
Leather Belt Sets are used for the creation of conveyors.
Introduction
Stone Conveyor
Normal Conveyors
Vertical Conveyors
Escalators
The Filter
The Halver
The Junction
The Splitter
The Extractor
The Blowtorch
The Polydirectional Blowtorch
The Grate
Conveyors are complex mechanisms used for transporting items, blocks, and even creatures around the world.
The Stone Conveyor is a cheap, albeit very slow, way of moving items around. It cannot center entities or insert items into inventories.
Normal Conveyors are conveyors which move items, blocks, and creatures horizontally on the ground. They automatically center entities, and also insert items into inventories.
Vertical Conveyors are conveyors which move items, blocks, and creatures vertically upwards. They also automatically center entities.
Escalators are conveyors which are stair-shaped and move items, blocks, and creatures diagonally upwards. They also automatically center entities.
The Filter is a complex machine used for moving items and blocks of certain types in your chosen direction.
The Alternator is a simple machine which alternates the direction of any items (up to a stack of 64) which are inserted.
The Junction is an improved Alternator which lets you control its direction via redstone.
The Splitter is an upgraded Alternator that cuts each stack which enters it in half outputs them on opposite sides. (Note: If the stack is odd in size, the bigger half always comes out on the right)
The Extractor is similar to a hopper and extracts items from the inventory behind it. It pulls out items in stacks of 4 and drops them onto the ground.
The Blowtorch is a flamethrower which does three hearts of damage to the creature in front of it every two seconds.
The Polydirectional Blowtorch is an upgraded Blowtorch which does three hearts of damage to every single creature around it every two seconds.
The Grate is a simple block that let's small non-living entities pass through it while open. It can be controlled both by hand or via redstone.
Introduction
There are various useful machines you can create to automate different functions of your everyday life.
Introduction
Catwalks
Catwalk Stairs
Catwalk Pillars
Decorational blocks are used for improving the look of the environment both inside and outside.
Catwalks are blocks which can be suspended in mid-air to use as walkways.
Catwalk Stairs are stairs which are designed to connect to catwalks.
Catwalk Pillars are support pillars designed for holding up catwalks.