The tool needs modifictions to accept more. I have to infuse it with the properties of blaze rods, golden apples and glistening melon, and some dragon's breath to gain alchemical properties, than I have to add diamonds to regain some durability, and livium to retain compatibility between the materials.<BR> The resulting tool needs to be soaked in a thick potion, and than it will absorb the effects, and will slowly inject it into anything I hit.
Leather Studies
Leather is a really good material to make golems out of.The technique is similar to the straw golems, but the sturdiness and flexibility of the material allows me to add an internal packet than allows the golem to carry more items.
Infused Armor
The new tools that I crafted are quite impressive, the way they carry potions is valuable. But, I can't really apply them tpo myself unless I keep hitting myself. I prepared materials for an armor that should be able to do the same, but to the wearer.
The armor is completed, used diamonds instead of iron for more protection.The armor can absorb potions than provide a longer lasting effect as long as I have the armor piece on.
Souls
Studying the body and it's workings is not going to be enough. I also need to study the mind, and the soul. Especially because of the perculiar nature of ghasts, that are leaving me puzzled. Gathered some materials that might be usefull.
Ghast tears contain small chunks of souls. I can't get my hands on a full one, but sifting tears through soul sand, into a special container can give me a damaged, and fragmented soul. It is unuseable to create even the semblence of living tough.
Revival capsule
 I've heared rumors of a special item that can bring the dying back to life. If I could get my hands on one.
 This totem was infused with a soul, that is condemned at the brink of death, instead of the user. I don't know, neither want to know where they got the souls from, or how they injected it, but I can recreate it with thaumaturgy. I cna also put some improvements over the original design.