The experiment resulted in a special metal that shows sings of life. Tools made of this "material" can leach nutrients from the user's body to repair themselves. It can be triggered by right clicking the tool.
The mystery of slimes
I wonder why I have not tried this. Why I have not tried to do anything with the most basic form of life that I know of, the slimes. They are so simple that they can be grown with the most basic form of alchemy, no extra safety measures required.<BR> How they relate to other creatures? If I can find that out, than I could get closer to life itself.<LINE>First things first. They are green, like plants. That is something to investigate.
They do contain some plant matter, but I don't see it anything more than stuff they collected while or before forming, and that is quite interesting. Now let's see how they compare with other creatures.
Still nothing. They lack every single structure that anything that moves would normally possess, and that is disturbing. Either a large chunk of research can be thrown out the window, or there is something else. <LINE> I can still try to look at a known variant, the magma slime. I do not see how this creature would work with the amount of heat that magma cubes posess. That may yield some answers. <LINE> While I'm at it, I'm also going to investigate an another interesting phenomenon around them. Combining the cream coming from slain slimes yields a hot rock, that is really similar to the magma found near lava lakes.
I see it. Slime itself is a lot like the cleansed flesh that I've created. A chunk of blank living tissue, which does raise the question why only two variants exist? <BR>Anyways, this discovery does open up some new possibilities when it comes to tool crafting, and it is easier than expected. Some vis and ordo is enough to fuse it with metal, in a fashion that only seemed to be possible with infusion.<LINE> It also looks like that the magma found on the shores of lava lakes, is made out of dead magma cubes, and it is possible to reclaim some of the common materials associated with them. <PAGE> It does raise more questions than answers tough. Why slimes have not absorbed anything else other than heat? What would prevent them? Is that even possible?