Now I can make this substance more efficiently.
The substance reached the point where I can use it for further experiments. Its quality should be improved further.
After more trial and error, I reached the peek of my efficiency. I can not get more out of this fertilizer.
Creature Enchantments
My studies on infusion enchantment and Biomancy lead me to the idea that, with the right methodology, I could enchant living flesh as I would enchant a regular tool.<BR/>I can't just put animals under the infusion altar though. Living and berating creatures have a tendency to reject magic, something I've been experiencing even more while working with remains.<LINE> That being said, potions give a different perspective on the topic. They can infuse living creatures with magical abilities, which means that my attempts are not futile.<LINE> Going back to the enchantment route, I believe that I could create a book that contains the right incantations to apply enchantments to animals. If it's possible, I'll need some salis mundus to carry the magic along, since I will not have the ability to hammer it into my subject.
The carrier is complete. This special substance is able to bridge some of the incompatibilities between magic, and a creature's soul. <LINE> To test it, I created a special enchant,that increases the birthrates of my farm animals.
For the next experiment, I want to see how specific and radical I can be. I want to try to enchant a creature to breath underwater.
That is it for now. I created powerful enchantments that I can apply to living beings. I think I can move forward to attempting more in Biomancy now that I understand more about the interaction of flesh and magic. <LINE> It is important to note, that the dust is always interchangeable.
Advanced Creature enchants
There must be more for me to do.I prepared a few ingredients that I can use to try out a new formula, that should serve as the base for a much stronger enchanting powder, that (theoratically) can increase the strength of the bond between the creature and the enchantment.