The respiration enchantment allows the enchanted creature to breath underwater.
To apply this magic, I need to create a special book that holds the spell, and a special enchantment. To enchant the book, I need to get a special binding agent that can link it to the creature. To apply the enchant to the book, I need to right click an enchanting table with the enchanted powder in my main hand, and the book in my offhand. <LINE> from this point, I can simply right click the book on any creature to apply the enchantment.
Self Enchantment
I can put enchantments on all kinds of creatures. But what if I could put them on myself? I must try it out!
This was a painful failure indeed! My body is still weak and trembling from the attempt. I cannot handle the process, as about halfway through, I started to feel sick, then I was shaking violently and was unable to pronounce the incantations.<BR/> I have experienced similar reactions when I first did this to animals, but I didn't expect this. <LINE> If I could mitigate the resistance of my body, than I could move forward with it.
Ahh, the bath salts. Always able to clear my mind, even when I'm waking from a nightmare. I think it could also reduce the severity of the reaction that my flesh is having while applying the enchants.
Something is still missing. My hands are still shaking a bit. Maybe I could use some of my spellcasting tools to help with the process.
Using a simple gauntlet is enough for the task. To cast enchantments on myself, I need to be using an enchantment table to stabilize the magic and use a gauntlet because it can channel some vis to power the process and provide some support for my hand. I also need to be under the effects of warp ward, to keep my mind clear. That way I can apply any enchantments to myself, as long as they are compatible.
Nutrient Mix
Knowing how to grow fresh meat is good, but what If I still need the whole animal? Could I increase its growth, so I don't need to wait for very long to get a new animal?