Now I truly understand how the binding actually works, and I can manipulate it with ease.
The paving stones will
Effect enchant amplification
Some enchantments apply their powers in a similar manner to potions, or beacons. I want to see if selectively boosting some of the creature's metabolism can have a positive effect on the effects themselves.
Yes it can. this special binding will increase the power level of all effect based enchants by one.
Experiment Table
Sometimes I need more than standard research to form theories. Sometimes I need to try things out in order to gain more ideas. I've drawn up plans for an experiment table, but I need to do some additional research to figure how effective it could be.
Yes. The method is effective. Altough, I have to find more and more new items in order for it to work effectively. Repeating the same experiments over and over again will not yield any result.
More creature enchants
I want to see what I can get, if I can boost the vitality of the creature even more. Prepared some tools for the experiment.
The experiment yielded two different enchants.<LINE> I want to see if I can modify the agility enchantment to  work on arms instead of legs. Worst case scenarion, it will make the creature pack a punch.
I'll see if I gain more ideas on what to try out. <LINE> Enhancing the vitals of the creature lead me to discover a way to improve the yields from the creature when it is killed.
The agility enchantment gives increased mobility to the creature in the form of a jump boost.It will also dampen the impact when it falls.<LINE> Because the protection enchant is really obtrusive, it will not allow the enchant to dampen fall damgage.
The health boost enchantment will increase the health of the creature.<LINE> Because they put load into the body in a similar fashion, applying it together with the protection enchantment will cause the creature to wither. <LINE> Because the speed enchant targets similar vitals, it will give an additional slowness effect.