The haste enchanment will increase the mining speed of the enchanted creature
The productivity enchant increases the amount of items dropped by the enchanted creature.
Removing enchants
I'm close to breaking the bond that I've created. Just a little more.
My theory was correct. by applying a special incantation, I can break the bond.<LINE> this book can be used to disenchant creatures, but needs to be attuned to the enchantment. That can be done by right clicking an enchantment table with the book in my offhand, and the dust in my main hand. The level of the enchantment does not matter.
Material studies: Hay
I found mentions of using hay to make golems. Not exactly a prime material for me tough. Still, after trying it I found an interesting property. I can use it to fill the gaps of a skeletal frame, which allows me to make a golem that is fragile, but can move really well.
Material studies: Flesh
Golems can be made out of flesh and brains, now that I have a deeper understanding of the living. The golem is practically an artifical zombie, with no real vital sings, but with enough machina it can still work.
Material studies: Slime
The knowledge of forging slime into tools has a different application. Golems crafted from it, have an increased durability, but really clumsy doe to wiggling.
Flesh Golems
Do I really want to do this?<LINE> My current understanding of the living should allow me to create a golem out of organic materials. Question is, do I really want to do this?
Good, the flesh is being perforated and burnt inside the press. I have to find a possible treatment that would prevent this from happening.
I tweaked my press. The flesh golem is now complete. Because the golem uses a primitive nervious system that I salvaged from brains, it will be "smart" whitout any additions.
Living metal
From the experience of the flesh golem, I learned how to use flesh as a raw material.I'm thinking about also using what I know about slimes as well, since they are mostly just blobs of organic matter, with very little internal structure. For the next experiment I prepared a way to "neuter" flesh, so it will not kill foreigh tissue. I'm going to infuse this flesh with the aspects of metal and the properties of iron. It will either turn into an organism that has the properties of a metal, yet behaves like a living organism, or the scarring will destroy it.