Biomancy
Metal Transmutation
I've grown tired of constantly going deeper into the mines to gather the resources that I need. After heavily researching different metals, I realized that even though they have different properties, fundamentally they are the same. I need to investigate further.
I DID IT! Iron is the most simple among all metals, so it can serve as a "blank slate" for all other metals. Going from there, I only need to add other aspects to it for it to transform. Also, I can only use nuggets for the process: otherwise I can't get the essentia to penetrate the metal correctly. <BR/>Even though it's only iron that can be transmuted, it still goes a long way towards fulfilling my needs.
Biomancy
The biothaumic mind was a major success at harnessing organic substances to create new devices. Ever since then, I was toying with the idea of applying more magic to organic matter. <LINE> I prepared some materials form some very basic experiments. Based on my current theories and experience, it should not be too hard.
There's a difference between theory, and reality. The magic that I'm trying to apply causes a heavy amount of scarring in booth plants and animals, something that I did not experienced while making the biothaumic mind.  I prepared for a second experiment, now attempting to use some victus, to mitigate the effects of the magic.
I think I might be onto something. Reducing the strength of the spell, or reducing the amount of essentia touching the tissue allows me to finish the procedure whitout major damage. I tweaked my thaumatorium accordingly.<PAGE> Simply studying the living or the dead that I slay should also give me more insight into the ways of life. (Creatures killed by hand drop knowledge)
Plant growth
I believe that the aspects creating the elements that plants need to grow should be able to create a reaction that grows the plant instantaneously... or explode on the spot.
The first steps are promising: using alchemical principles, I was able to trigger rapid growth in seeds. Unfortunately, the resulting plant did not yield anything to repeat the process. I must try it on other plants.
Other plants are reacting much better than wheat, resulting in a net gain. The methodology is still not perfect, but the results look edible.
I have to see what happens when I use different breeds of plants. Maybe that can give me answers.
Now I can alchemically grow my food on demand. The infertility problem of some plants proves to be harder to get rid of than I anticipated.
Bestialchemy
I want to try something out, with my tweaks to my alchemy. The first experiment I prepared is an egg. With the correct formula, I should be able to trigger the growth of the embrio, and create an egg that will always hatch.
Now that I observed how essentia effects the growth of an animal, I can apply it in a different fashion. Theoretically, I can use Victus to trigger the growth of meat outside the animal. I'm going to add some Beastia as well, just in case the tissue needs a more familiar environment.
The experiment was a complete success. Now I am able to farm meat without growing the whole animal, and interestingly enough, I only need Victus to do so. I'll take note on that.
Alchemical Fertilization
Now that I know how adding essentia to plants affect them, I can try to create a different application. I'm going to create a more potent fertilizer. I was thinking about bone meal, but it might fizzle if I add too much essentia. Instead of that, I'm going to take my experience from the time I made a focus.<BR/>I'm going to try to use an Herba crystal to absorb the aspects required to trigger growth. It should also help to make sure that my substance is actually compatible with plants.
This experiment was a resounding success. I created a new fertilizer that I can acquire more easily than traditional substances(bone meal, bone meal, and... oh, just bone meal).
Now I can make this substance more efficiently.
The substance reached the point where I can use it for further experiments. Its quality should be improved further.
After more trial and error, I reached the peek of my efficiency. I can not get more out of this fertilizer.
Creature Enchantments
My studies on infusion enchantment and Biomancy lead me to the idea that, with the right methodology, I could enchant living flesh as I would enchant a regular tool.<BR/>I can't just put animals under the infusion altar though. Living and berating creatures have a tendency to reject magic, something I've been experiencing even more while working with remains.<LINE> That being said, potions give a different perspective on the topic. They can infuse living creatures with magical abilities, which means that my attempts are not futile.<LINE> Going back to the enchantment route, I believe that I could create a book that contains the right incantations to apply enchantments to animals. If it's possible, I'll need some salis mundus to carry the magic along, since I will not have the ability to hammer it into my subject.
The carrier is complete. This special substance is able to bridge some of the incompatibilities between magic, and a creature's soul. <LINE> To test it, I created a special enchant,that increases the birthrates of my farm animals.
For the next experiment, I want to see how specific and radical I can be. I want to try to enchant a creature to breath underwater.
That is it for now. I created powerful enchantments that I can apply to living beings. I think I can move forward to attempting more in Biomancy now that I understand more about the interaction of flesh and magic. <LINE> It is important to note, that the dust is always interchangeable.
Advanced Creature enchants
There must be more for me to do.I prepared a few ingredients that I can use to try out a new formula, that should serve as the base for a much stronger enchanting powder, that (theoratically) can increase the strength of the bond between the creature and the enchantment.
I created the substance. Now I want to try out if I could increase the strenght of the creature.
Success. The new enchantment is indeed potent, but it will not work alone I'll need some internal reinforcements, or else the limbs will fall off. <LINE> Now that I see some of the applications and limitations of this technique, I want to see if I can create an enchant, that would transcend the abilities of one creature, and make it behave like it's something else. <BR><BR>A spider should suffice.
Was a little harder than expected, but the property transfer was successfull. <LINE> Before moving forward, I want to see if speed has the same limitations as strength.
Interestingly, it does not. Still needs some getting used to.<LINE> Lastly, I want to see, if increased vitality would be the answer to the fragility problem of strength.
That's it for now. I need to learn more before I can do more.
The vitality enchantment will increase the creature's regenerative abilities.
The strength enchantment will increase the power output of the creature's muscles.
The spider limbs enchantment, infuses the creature with the essence of a spider, allowing it to climb up walls, and stick to them.
The speed enchantment increases the movement speed of the creature.<LINE> Because they target similar musche groups, the strenght enchant will cause it to increase the fall damage that the creature takes. <LINE> Because of the hardening effects of the protection enchant that is affecting movement to a degree, it will cause the creature to need more enegry to function,
The fertility enchantment allows enchanted animals to give birth to additional offspring. Each enchanted parent provides one extra baby. <LINE> Creatures with higher intellect are somewhat unaffected.
The protection enchantment is very straightforward: every level will divide the damage that the enchanted creature will take.
The respiration enchantment allows the enchanted creature to breath underwater.
To apply this magic, I need to create a special book that holds the spell, and a special enchantment. To enchant the book, I need to get a special binding agent that can link it to the creature. To apply the enchant to the book, I need to right click an enchanting table with the enchanted powder in my main hand, and the book in my offhand. <LINE> from this point, I can simply right click the book on any creature to apply the enchantment.
Self Enchantment
I can put enchantments on all kinds of creatures. But what if I could put them on myself? I must try it out!
This was a painful failure indeed! My body is still weak and trembling from the attempt. I cannot handle the process, as about halfway through, I started to feel sick, then I was shaking violently and was unable to pronounce the incantations.<BR/> I have experienced similar reactions when I first did this to animals, but I didn't expect this. <LINE> If I could mitigate the resistance of my body, than I could move forward with it.
Ahh, the bath salts. Always able to clear my mind, even when I'm waking from a nightmare. I think it could also reduce the severity of the reaction that my flesh is having while applying the enchants.
Something is still missing. My hands are still shaking a bit. Maybe I could use some of my spellcasting tools to help with the process.
Using a simple gauntlet is enough for the task. To cast enchantments on myself, I need to be using an enchantment table to stabilize the magic and use a gauntlet because it can channel some vis to power the process and provide some support for my hand. I also need to be under the effects of warp ward, to keep my mind clear. That way I can apply any enchantments to myself, as long as they are compatible.
Nutrient Mix
Knowing how to grow fresh meat is good, but what If I still need the whole animal? Could I increase its growth, so I don't need to wait for very long to get a new animal?
I created a recipe for a special kind of mixture that is able to speed up the growth of any animal.
Leather Processing
Now that I can make flesh, I want to figure how to make leather. In theory, I should be able to make the meat grow the hide on itself.
I failed to grow the hide, but found something else. I can make the flesh harden into a leather like substance, and the process is similar to what I used on rotten flesh.
Bush Alchemy
When I was growing plants, it wasn't too hard to add too much essentia, which sometimes causes its growth to go out of control. This was able to mutilate the plant. <LINE> This can be useful. If I don't care about the deformities than some new applications could emerge, namely to grow trees this way.
The tree is more of a bush, but it is able to give me wood. I also need to add some vacuos to the formula, so I can improve the spatial conditions in there for long enough to make it so that it won't get stuck in my cauldron, or thaumatorium. <LINE>The leaves overgrew, and became so hard that I need to crack it open by smashing it to a wall.
The process causes a yield lower than expected. I don't think I should do this to plants where this problem didn't occur.
Biomanuafactury
 Now that I figured how to force plants to grow, I want to do something different. I want to see if I can fabricate products that would normally come from different plants in more flexible ways. <LINE> The first thing I want to try is to solve a problem that has been emerging during my work. I use a lot of paper while doing research and studies. <BR> I prepared a few candidates and samples that should be usable to create paper.
 I ended up choosing wood as the material for this. With the correct essentia, I can soften and reshape it's fibers to turn it into fine sheets of paper. <LINE> Now I want to do something different. I want to see if I could mold or even grow other resources. <BR> Making more of some dead plantmatter should do it.
 The dyes reacted well to my treatment.
Creature Enchant Modification
While studying the phenomenons around creature enchants, there was something that was bothering me. It is not only affecting the flesh, but also the aura around the subject. This new "field", created by the magical dusts binds the magic to the creature. I alsp noticed that this field is connected to the local aura, in a way that I don't fully understand. <BR><BR>To crack this mystery, first I'm going to try to alter it's behaviour. I should be able to alter it, so that it changes the way the enchants bind. <LINE> But, first things first, I should have a way to stabilise this field, just in case something goes wrong. My theory is that a strong enough binding agent, should be able to carry the spell.
Now that I have some sort of safety net to work with, I want to see how easy it would be to break this bond down. My intiial design was that it should be as strong as possible, so that the subject can not reject it.
Total failure. I still can not break the bond, and the only thing I have, is a spell that currupts the magical energies of the enchantments. They will either stop working, or turn to their opposite effects.
The negation modifier will flip the multiplier of the enchantment.
The normal modifier will revert the binding to it's default state.
Plant experiments
Now that I understand how I can use magic on plants, I want to see if I could make a mundane plant display magical properties. Maybe make some silverwood?
No! No! No! <BR> The plant is now currupted, and is completly tainted. It looks like plants don't take it well when you try to change them fundamentally, or my method is wrong.Took a bit to get rid of this thing and fix the damage it caused.<LINE> Next I will try to make a small alteration. Nothing big, maybe change only the trunk. Let's try again like that.
Now it works. The sapling is viable,but I'm not sure if it can reproduce. It still might be tainted, which gives me the idea on what if I treated it with only taint? And some victus just to make sure that it survives.
Now I think I understand how to make small modifications to a plant. First, I need to pick the basic aspects that are required for the plant to grow,and add it to the sapling. Than I need to soak it in the essence that I can use to slightly modify it. Only stir it gently, since we want to avoid scarring! Than I can get a sapling that is viable, can grow but is unable to reproduce properly. It will always reproduce as if it was a normal oak tree.
Creature Enchant Modifier: Negation
To keep myself better organised, I'll note the known effects of negation here. If it's not listed, it will only be disabled.<BR>Only time will tell the horrors I'm about to find...
The Fertile enchant gives a chance to reduce birthrates.
The Strength enchant will give weakness instead of strength.
The Speed enchant will give slowness instead of speed.
The Vitality enchant will wither instead of regenerating.
The Protection enchant will increase the damage instead of reducing it.
The healt boost enchant will reduce the creature's total health.
The agility enchant will prevent the creature from jumping.
The haste enchant will slow down the mining speed of the enchanted creature.
Enchantment Focusing
If I understand the relations between creature enchants and the aura, than I should be able to create a foci, that can flip the enchants off. A least if ym theory is correct.
Yes. Just as I tought. <BR>The binder actually embeds the creature into the local aura, than turns some of it's life energies into vis. One last thing. Can I apply something similar to my understanding of paving stones, so I don't need to use a focus to get the effects?
Now I truly understand how the binding actually works, and I can manipulate it with ease.
The paving stones will
Effect enchant amplification
Some enchantments apply their powers in a similar manner to potions, or beacons. I want to see if selectively boosting some of the creature's metabolism can have a positive effect on the effects themselves.
Yes it can. this special binding will increase the power level of all effect based enchants by one.
Experiment Table
Sometimes I need more than standard research to form theories. Sometimes I need to try things out in order to gain more ideas. I've drawn up plans for an experiment table, but I need to do some additional research to figure how effective it could be.
Yes. The method is effective. Altough, I have to find more and more new items in order for it to work effectively. Repeating the same experiments over and over again will not yield any result.
More creature enchants
I want to see what I can get, if I can boost the vitality of the creature even more. Prepared some tools for the experiment.
The experiment yielded two different enchants.<LINE> I want to see if I can modify the agility enchantment to  work on arms instead of legs. Worst case scenarion, it will make the creature pack a punch.
I'll see if I gain more ideas on what to try out. <LINE> Enhancing the vitals of the creature lead me to discover a way to improve the yields from the creature when it is killed.
The agility enchantment gives increased mobility to the creature in the form of a jump boost.It will also dampen the impact when it falls.<LINE> Because the protection enchant is really obtrusive, it will not allow the enchant to dampen fall damgage.
The health boost enchantment will increase the health of the creature.<LINE> Because they put load into the body in a similar fashion, applying it together with the protection enchantment will cause the creature to wither. <LINE> Because the speed enchant targets similar vitals, it will give an additional slowness effect.
The haste enchanment will increase the mining speed of the enchanted creature
The productivity enchant increases the amount of items dropped by the enchanted creature.
Removing enchants
I'm close to breaking the bond that I've created. Just a little more.
My theory was correct. by applying a special incantation, I can break the bond.<LINE> this book can be used to disenchant creatures, but needs to be attuned to the enchantment. That can be done by right clicking an enchantment table with the book in my offhand, and the dust in my main hand. The level of the enchantment does not matter.
Material studies: Hay
I found mentions of using hay to make golems. Not exactly a prime material for me tough. Still, after trying it I found an interesting property. I can use it to fill the gaps of a skeletal frame, which allows me to make a golem that is fragile, but can move really well.
Material studies: Flesh
Golems can be made out of flesh and brains, now that I have a deeper understanding of the living. The golem is practically an artifical zombie, with no real vital sings, but with enough machina it can still work.
Material studies: Slime
The knowledge of forging slime into tools has a different application. Golems crafted from it, have an increased durability, but really clumsy doe to wiggling.
Flesh Golems
Do I really want to do this?<LINE> My current understanding of the living should allow me to create a golem out of organic materials. Question is, do I really want to do this?
Good, the flesh is being perforated and burnt inside the press. I have to find a possible treatment that would prevent this from happening.
I tweaked my press. The flesh golem is now complete. Because the golem uses a primitive nervious system that I salvaged from brains, it will be "smart" whitout any additions.
Living metal
From the experience of the flesh golem, I learned how to use flesh as a raw material.I'm thinking about also using what I know about slimes as well, since they are mostly just blobs of organic matter, with very little internal structure. For the next experiment I prepared a way to "neuter" flesh, so it will not kill foreigh tissue. I'm going to infuse this flesh with the aspects of metal and the properties of iron. It will either turn into an organism that has the properties of a metal, yet behaves like a living organism, or the scarring will destroy it.
The experiment resulted in a special metal that shows sings of life. Tools made of this "material" can leach nutrients from the user's body to repair themselves. It can be triggered by right clicking the tool.
The mystery of slimes
I wonder why I have not tried this. Why I have not tried to do anything with the most basic form of life that I know of, the slimes. They are so simple that they can be grown with the most basic form of alchemy, no extra safety measures required.<BR> How they relate to other creatures? If I can find that out, than I could get closer to life itself.<LINE>First things first. They are green, like plants. That is something to investigate.
They do contain some plant matter, but I don't see it anything more than stuff they collected while or before forming, and that is quite interesting. Now let's see how they compare with other creatures.
Still nothing. They lack every single structure that anything that moves would normally possess, and that is disturbing. Either a large chunk of research can be thrown out the window, or there is something else. <LINE> I can still try to look at a known variant, the magma slime. I do not see how this creature would work with the amount of heat that magma cubes posess. That may yield some answers. <LINE> While I'm at it, I'm also going to investigate an another interesting phenomenon around them. Combining the cream coming from slain slimes yields a hot rock, that is really similar to the magma found near lava lakes.
I see it. Slime itself is a lot like the cleansed flesh that I've created. A chunk of blank living tissue, which does raise the question why only two variants exist? <BR>Anyways, this discovery does open up some new possibilities when it comes to tool crafting, and it is easier than expected. Some vis and ordo is enough to fuse it with metal, in a fashion that only seemed to be possible with infusion.<LINE> It also looks like that the magma found on the shores of lava lakes, is made out of dead magma cubes, and it is possible to reclaim some of the common materials associated with them. <PAGE> It does raise more questions than answers tough. Why slimes have not absorbed anything else other than heat? What would prevent them? Is that even possible?
Slime reanimation
Now that I've established exactly how slimes are, I should be able to "reanimate", or really just reform a slime into it's cubic form. Knowing that simply making a large enough clump of slime is not enough, I've prepared a few items for the experiment.
The "reanimation" formula worked wonderously. I can create a lump of slimes that can "reanimate" itself. Even tough I have no control over the size, I might find a use for it.
Slime meat
Slime is able to fuse with inanimate matter, and take up some of it's properties. Question is, what would happen if I fused it with meat?
The slime took up the structure, texture and some of the smell of the meat. Slime is actually quite nutritious it seems, but I would not put it into my mouth raw.
Slime infusion
Attempting to make slime fuse with raw magic could answer why it appears only in two variants.
The results are telling. I need to treat it with fabrico, it makes it more mallable and reactive. It is also less sticky than it was, possibly the reason why I could not put int back into a viable slime.Than I can use vis and a shard to infuse it with the appropriate aspect.<BR> Altough, it comes with it's own benefits. <LINE>I can brew it into an awkward potion to get some effects, and I can also brew up to 5 slimes into one potion. Altough the concussion is really unstable and will be ruined if I take it under traditional brewing methods. <LINE> I can also put it down on floors, and it will apply it's effect when someone or something steps on it.<LINE> NOT ALL ASPECTS HAVE AN EFFECT! <LINE> First, I need to create a slime infused with fabrico through alchemy before i can fuse it with any other aspect.
Infused Slime Tools
Can tools made out of slime be treated the same way as normal slime? The way I fuse it with metal is not as drastic as the infusion with essentia.
The tool needs modifictions to accept more. I have to infuse it with the properties of blaze rods, golden apples and glistening melon, and some dragon's breath to gain alchemical properties, than I have to add diamonds to regain some durability, and livium to retain compatibility between the materials.<BR> The resulting tool needs to be soaked in a thick potion, and than it will absorb the effects, and will slowly inject it into anything I hit.
Leather Studies
Leather is a really good material to make golems out of.The technique is similar to the straw golems, but the sturdiness and flexibility of the material allows me to add an internal packet than allows the golem to carry more items.
Infused Armor
The new tools that I crafted are quite impressive, the way they carry potions is valuable. But, I can't really apply them tpo myself unless I keep hitting myself. I prepared materials for an armor that should be able to do the same, but to the wearer.
The armor is completed, used diamonds instead of iron for more protection.The armor can absorb potions than provide a longer lasting effect as long as I have the armor piece on.
Souls
Studying the body and it's workings is not going to be enough. I also need to study the mind, and the soul. Especially because of the perculiar nature of ghasts, that are leaving me puzzled. Gathered some materials that might be usefull.
Ghast tears contain small chunks of souls. I can't get my hands on a full one, but sifting tears through soul sand, into a special container can give me a damaged, and fragmented soul. It is unuseable to create even the semblence of living tough.
Revival capsule
 I've heared rumors of a special item that can bring the dying back to life. If I could get my hands on one.
 This totem was infused with a soul, that is condemned at the brink of death, instead of the user. I don't know, neither want to know where they got the souls from, or how they injected it, but I can recreate it with thaumaturgy. I cna also put some improvements over the original design.
Mind Inhibitor
 This fragmented soul can not live. But what would happen if I were to inject it into something that has a living soul?
 I can't place it. It surpresses the behaviour of the creature, altough I can not use it on any sentient creature. I wonder what can I do with this?
Experience Storage
 Souls are connected to minds. (in theory) I wonder if I could use a soul to connect two minds together.
 It sorta works. I can create a one way link that transfers knowledge between the brains. Based on this I created a device that can transfer my experiences into a jarred brain, for safe keeping. Altough, because of the decreased cognitive capacities of a zombie brain, some of the experience is lost.
Study %1$s
Studying %1$s can give you a deeper understanding of plants. Gain 10 Biomancy.
Dissect %1$s
Dissecting animals (%1$s) can give you a deeper understanding of how they work. Gain 15 Biomancy.
Dissect remains
Dissecting %1$s can give you a deeper understanding of their structure, even though it's a bit more gross than fresh tissue. Gain 25 Biomancy.
Fertile
Respiration
Protection
Strength
Speed
Spider Limbs
Vitality
Health Boost
Agility
Haste
Productivity
Normal
Negation
Status Effect Amplifier
Enchant
Enchant Modifier
Thaumic Arcana
Creature Disenchanter
Incubated Egg
Arcane Fertilizer
Raw Relief
Nutrient Mix
Nutritious Mix
Plant Ball
Contains:
Enchanting Powder
Basic Enchanting Powder
Advanced Enchanting Powder
Magical Enchanting Powder
Enchantment Modifier Powder
Empty Soul Capsule
Soul Capsule
Revival Capsule
Mind Inhibitor
Knowledge Infuser
Raw Slime Meat
Slime Steak
Neutered Flesh
Livium Ingot
Livium Axe
Livium Pickaxe
Livium Shovel
Livium Sword
Livium Hoe
Slimey Axe
Slimey Pickaxe
Slimey Shovel
Slimey Sword
Slimey Hoe
Infused Slimey Axe
Infused Slimey Pickaxe
Infused Slimey Shovel
Infused Slimey Sword
Infused Slimey Hoe
Infused Slimey Chestplate
Infused Slimey Leggings
Infused Slimey Helmet
Infused Slime
Research Results
Organic Curiosity
Vaporous Curiosity
Infused Curiosity
Animated Curiosity
Experiment Table
Arcane Sieve
Great Oak Sapling
Silver Oak Sapling
Tainted Oak Sapling
Paving stone of binding empowerment
Paving stone of binding disempowerment
Straw
Flesh
Slime
Leather
The golem is a mechanical skeleton coated with straws.Increased dexterity, low durability
The golem is a artifical zombie.
The golem is made out of slime, making it wiggly.
The golem is made out of leather, and has increased carrying capacity, due to internal packet that I could put in it.
Thaumic Arcana
Swaps the descriptions of specific items
Thaumic Arcana configs reloaded
Failed to reload rendering. Check the console output for details.
spawnArcanaStructure x y z <structure_name>
Invaliid structure name
/tascar <player> <check|setdamage> <number>>
 Target can not be scarred!
Focusing on:
Possible results:
Expected_result
%s% of the result will be considered
Unused!
Infused with %s
Contains: