Pipe Wrench
Rain Rocket
Anti Rain Rocket
Energy Adapter
Controller
Wooden Rain Tank
Water Pipe
Collector Block
Rain Collector Controller
Groundwater Pump
Waterworks
Used to increase size of multiblock rain collector
Controller for the multiblock rain collector
Bad weather incoming
Rain duration
Brings back the sunshine
Anti rain duration
Anti rain multiplier
Maximum random additional days
Collectors found
Found Controller at
No Controller found
The Groundwater Pump extracts water from below bedrock. It needs clear sight to bedrock. Place water pipes into its inventory and give it some power to run. Pipes will be placed automatically.
Used to increase the size of the rain collector multiblock. Place it down at a cardinal face of the controller or at a cardinal face of another collector. After the placement right click the controller with the Pipe Wrench. Every additional collector needs clear sight to the sky and will increase the yield of the multiblock structure.
The heart of the rain collector multiblock structure. Collects water when it is raining and needs clear sight to the sky. Add collectors on the cardinal faces to increase the yield. Start a search for valid collectors by right clicking with a Pipe Wrench on it.
A simple rain tank that collects water when its raining. It needs clear sight to the sky.
A decorative block that is needed for the Groundwater Pump to work properly
Use a Minecraft Rocket and some Ghast Tears to craft a Rain Rocket. More Tears equals a longer duration.
Use a Minecraft Rocket and some dry Sponges to craft an Anti Rain Rocket. More Sponges will increase the good weather duration. A random additional time is added to the fixed value in the tooltip. You will get back your Sponges as wet version.
Use this wrench with a right click on a Rain Collector Controller to let it search for Rain Collectors. The One Probe (mod) will show connection details.
To create a star put Gunpowder and any Minecraft dye in your crafting grid. For a shape effect add one of these: Fire Charge, Gold Nugget, Head (any), Feather. For additional effects add Glowstone Dust and/or a Diamond.
The minimum ingredients for Firework Rockets is one Paper and up to three Gunpowder. Gunpowder determines the flight duration. Up to seven Firework Stars can be added. Without a Firework Star there is no explosion effect.
Waterworks Configuration
Rain Collection
Groundwater Pump
Rockets
Disable Registry
Disable Recipes
Wooden Rain Tank Fillrate
Wooden Rain Tank Capacity
Rain Collector Fillrate
Rain Collector Capacity
Rain Collector Range
Wooden Rain Tank JEI Description
Rain Collector Multiblock JEI Description
Wrench JEI Description
Fillrate
Capacity
Energy Base Usage
Energy Pipe Multiplier
Energy Capacity
Energy Input
Energy Pipe Placement
Safety
Check Bedrock
JEI Description
Rain Duration
Rain Max Multiplier
Clear Sky Duration
Clear Sky Max Multiplier
Clear Sky Max Random Additional Days
Vanilla Firework Charge Description
Vanilla Fireworks Description
Firework Rockets JEI Description
Rain Rocket
Anti Rain Rocket
Groundwater Pump
Rain Collector Multiblock
Water Pipe
Wooden Rain Tank
Recipe Rain Rocket
Recipe Anti Rain Rocket