Towers
Spirits from the past
Most Powerfull Demon
Unlocked Tables
Iron Dragon Spirit
In the aftermath of Fairy Tail's battle with Phantom Lord, Loke's past slowly surfaces...
Demons
Daybreak Arc
Ethernano ore
100 years
woman named Daphne traps Natsu, Wendy, Happy, and Carla. Gray has betrayed his guild
one of the top three Dark Guilds in Fiore makes a move at seizing an ancient and deadly Magic called Nirvana
Posion Dragon Spirit
Fire Ball
Acnologia
Lamia Scale
Bones
Weisslogia was a very selfless Dragon, having taken in and raised a young Sting Eucliffe like he was his own son. Furthermore, 
Burns as intensely as the pits of hell
The Book Of demons and speels
HellLava
Lightning Dragon Spirit
Phantoms
Four hundred years ago, Acnologia was a ruthless, bloodthirsty and violent person. He killed any and all Dragons he could
Lightning Dragon Spirit
Eclipse
Sky Dragon Slayer
Tenrou Island arc
Ethernano
Poison Demmon
Salamander
Phantom Lord arc 
One year after Fairy Tail's dissolution, Natsu and Lucy reunite to track down their comrades to revive their guild once again. 
Fire Dragon Spirit
Sbaertooth
Water Dragon Slayer
Book Of Deliora
Grand Magic Games arc
Erza returns to Fairy Tail to recruit Natsu and Gray to help her investigate Eisenwald, a Dark Guild banned by the Magic Council 
Book Of Nemesis
Book Of Larcade
The calamity from Eclipse has not ended yet, as one day, the Twelve Zodiac Gates refuse to respond to their summoning. In addition to their sudden change in appearance and personality, they also sever the bonds they have with their contracted Celestial Spirit Mages!
Iron Dragon Slayer
Red Lizard
Battle of Fairy Tail arc
Seven years have passed since the destruction of Tenrou Island and the disappearance of all the Fairy Tail members on it
Tartaros arc
Sky God Slayer
Blue Pegasus
Dragon Rock
Games
Nine Demon Gates
Natsu and Happy save Lucy from some trouble, the three return to the guild where Lucy becomes a new member
Book Of Lullaby
Grimoire Heart
Battle Ground
Fairy Tail decides to participate in a tournament known as the Grand Magic Games to restore its former glory
White Dragon Slayer
Ice Demmon
Water Dragon Spirit
Key of the Starry Sky arc
Water Demmon
Mard Geer Tartaros
There, Erza and her friends must confront Jellal Fernandes, one of Erza's longtime friends gone insane. Erza's past also slowly comes into view...
Dark Guilds
Tower of Heaven arc
A New World
That is until a mysterious girl drops by the guild and brings with her a strange memento from Lucy's late father
Shadow Dragon Slayer
Avatar arc 
Book Of E.N.D
Un Discoverd Book
Village
Stellanium Picaxe
Book Of Zeraf
Loke arc
Loke
Scales of a dragon are exstremly strong
With Fairy Tail's revival complete, Mest Gryder reveals the disturbing truth behind Makarov Dreyar's disbanding of the guild one year ago
Shadow Dragon Spirit
Igneel has been shown to be a loving father figure towards Natsu, before his untimely departure.Despite leaving Natsu, Igneel, however, is shown to be incredibly protective of Natsu, and watches him from afar. 
 Laxus and his team start an inter-guild battle within Fairy Tail itself so that Laxus can become the new guild master of Fairy Tail.
Fire Dragon Slayer
X791 arc
Not much is known 
Lightning God Slayer
Music Lacrima
According to Gajeel, Metalicana is quite selfish. Nonetheless, despite this claim, he took Gajeel in, raising him like he was his own son, teaching him his signature Iron Dragon Slayer Magic.
Phantom Lord
Oración Seis arc
Not much is known
White Dragon spirit
Research Table
Eclipse Celestial Spirits arc
The Eclipse Gates
Night Sky
First Mission
On July 7, X777, all the remaining Dragons, except Acnologia, seemingly vanished
Poison Demon Slayer
Time To Learn
Natsu talks Lucy into forming a team with him, and they take their first mission together, which has very high pay, but a very high risk as well...
E.N.D
Mermaid Heel
Dragon Scales
Empire
Book Of Zeraf
Posion Dragon Spirit
Stellanium Ore
Menu Key
Victorious over at the Grand Magic Games, Fairy Tail is bombarded with numerous requests from all around.
DragonSlayers
Hell Fire 
Lost Time
Pheonix Stone
Iron Dragon Spirit
Story
FairyTail
Dragon Scales
Alvarez Empire arc
Hell Fire
Something is missing
Macao arc
After overcoming the threat of Acnologia and Zeref, Fairy Tail has become stronger and more energetic
DragonCry
Dragon World
S-Class
White Dragon Spirit
Dragon Bones
100 Years Quest arc
Demmon
Sky Dragon Spirit
Flame Dragon Slayer
Fire Dragon Spirit
Galuna Island arc
Skiadrum was kind enough to take in a young Rogue Cheney and raise the boy as if he was his own son, and taught the boy how to use his own variation of Dragon Slayer Magic.
Zeraf
Sky Dragon Spirit
Ultimate Ethernano
Avatar
Natsu and Happy decide to take an S-Class job without permission, and drag Lucy and Gray along with them to the cursed island of Galuna.
Choose a Guild
Shadow Dragon Spirit
Magic Table
Edolas arc
Grandeeney is a very gentle Dragon who has very positive emotions towards humans.
Water Demon Slayer
Water Dragon Slayer
Lost Magic
Hell Fire
Quatro Cerberus
The sudden appearance of a mysterious and deadly Mage who can kill without touching, and the arrival of members of the strongest Dark Guild
Lullaby arc
Celestial Key
Poison Dragon Slayer
Ice Demon Slayer
Empty Spirit
 A few more vile actions committed by one of Phantom Lord's members leads to a full-blown war between the two guilds.
Dark Guild
Sun Village arc
Stellanium Ingot
Edolas, a world where Magic is scarce and faces are all too familiar, to rescue all friends from a greedy, King.
Lightning Dragon Slayer
The Dark Guild known as Tartaros makes their move on the Magic World.
Fire God Slayer
Daphne arc
Book Of Bloodman
Raven Tail
Sylph Labyrinth