Mobular Machinery
Gear
Coil
Mechanized Egg
Boss Heart
Mobular Manual WIP
Linker Tool
Steam
Hydroelectric Generator
Photon Core
Photon Cell
Water Vaporizer
Regional Extruder Core
Regional Extruder Frame
Regional Extruder Tap
Regional Extruder Inventory Interface
Energy Relay
Gear Block WIP
Display Pedestal
Mechanical Chicken
Mechanical Octopus
Steam
Welcome to the Mobular Machinery manual! Here you can read up on how to work with various mobs/machines, such as bosses, or even the Photon Generator!<br><br>Please Report any issues you come across on our github!
Here you can learn about all the machines and functions of them that are currently available! Just proceed to the next page to learn more!
Here you can learn about all the mobs and functions of them that are currently available! Just proceed to the next page to learn more!
The Gear is a basic item that will be used for a lot of the basic crafting recipes in the mod!
The Hydroelectric Generator is basically an energy generator! It uses steam made from the Water Vaporizer to generate energy!
The Water Vaporizer is a machine that takes water and converts it into steam! It can either run from power or if there is a lava bucket placed next to it. It will however not run with both!
The Photon Generator is a multiblock composed of 2 different blocks,the Photon Core, and Photon Cell. The Photon core is what will receive energy and send to any energy storage blocks. The photon cell will generate energy and send them to only the core! They will only work if there are no blocks above them and it is day! Check the next page for the multiblock!
The Regional Extruder is a multiblock ore generation machine! Once formed, it takes power to run. As well as power it requires a Boss Heart in the middle slot to "turn it on"! The multiblock uses the core in the center, frames around it, and a tap/inventory interface on the top or bottom. The frames are where you access the gui. The Power Tap can be either on the top or bottom. Same with the Inventory interface. The tap is