Studded Leather
Arcane Cloth
Animal Hide
Archer Cap
Archer Chestplate
Archer Leggings
Archer Boots
Mage Hat
Mage Chest Robes
Mage Leg Robes
Mage Shoes
Berserker Helmet
Berserker Chestplate
Berserker Leggings
Berserker Boots
Iron Thorn
Round Shield
Wooden Shield Plating
Iron Shield Plating
Ragebreaker
Advanced Bow
Wand
Arcane-Sensible Stick
Arrow Rain
Augolustra Hex
Expelliarmus Charm
Rage Breaker
Arcane Affinity
Berserker,Mage and Archer Classes
Dart
Headless Arrow
Crossbow
Chapter One:
Introductions
Magic asks for a lot of imagination. It is not just waving around a wand and blurting out odd words. It requires a mind, set to believe things he might never see, energy he may feel or foul with negative thoughts.
Beware,for the arcane in you might manifest wrongly.
So focus, stay on the path you feel is righteous, and take it with a little wit, for serious mages never have gained the knowledge that connects nature with the arcane !
Chapter Two:
Survival
On your journey troughout the world to study the arcane, you will most likely encounter dangerous foes. There are three nifty basic spells that can aid you in preventing early death.
Augolustra:
Calling forth a small combustion, propulsing a stream of hot air towards your foe. 
Stay steady, articulate well, and give a little left-flick with your wand to keep your enemy at bay.
Expelliarmus
Call forth a stream of red arcane dust that disarms your foe.
Stay steady, articulate well, and left-flick with your wand when ready to disarm your foe.
Contego Aspida
Protect yourself from Damage.
An upward slash from bottom left to top right while, in one sigh, orate the spell. This should conjure blue spheres that absorb incoming damage.
Chapter Three:
First Aid
May you have harmed a friend or yourself while messing around with our basic survival spell, remember then that there is always aid to be given for small wounds and barely broken bones.
Episkey
Heals the targetted living person or creature.
Articulate clearely, stay close to wounded subject,and give a soft swish.\n\nImportant : do not be hasty, you might end up hurting your ally.
Chapter Four
Transmutation
The art of making oneself rich. This branch of magic should be only used when needed, because greed has never led to any good... you might be swimming in gold, but there are places where nothing can be bought !
Aes Converto
Convert raw ore into gold.
Breath softly, speak the named spell, and strike softly over the ore with a slow, right-flick.
Chapter Five
Locomotion
Wizards and mages get about in lots of ways. Brooms, Chimneys, Teleportation, ... In this book however, I will teach you how to bewitch Carpet to make it hover in the air.
Permoveo Vestis
Bewitch carpet to hover
Place down 2 pieces of carpet, Speak the spell, and strike your wand soflty over the top of your rug. Once up, mount it, go forward, and look anywhere you want to go !
Chapter Si   >
Advanced M/
For the Ma >
gotten th /
without />
You c/
>/
/
(the pages seem to be torn out ...)