Soar like an eagle.
"We were filled with an intense magical energy appearing to emanate from the centre of the..." - Extract from the journal of a forgotten mage; the rest of the page has been burnt away.
It feels amazing.
Shoots an arrow of force in the direction you are pointing.
Creates a forcefield around the caster which repels creatures and deflects projectiles.
Launches a sphere of force which damages and repels nearby creatures on impact.
"How dare you enter my forest!"
Freezes the target for 10 seconds. Will also freeze water and create snow on the ground.
Temporarily imbues the first weapon on the caster's hotbar with the power of frost, causing it to freeze its victims. The magic wears off after 45 seconds.
Creates a frozen axe which freezes enemies when hit. Lasts for 30 seconds.
Creates a stream of frost in the direction you are pointing which slows and continually damages targets.
Places a magical ice trap on the ground which damages and freezes the creature that triggers it.
Allows the caster to glide downwards while in the air and holding the use item button.
Launches a large fireball in the direction you are pointing which explodes on impact.
Heals the caster by 4 hearts.
Heals the caster and all nearby allies and summoned creatures by 3 hearts.
Grows all crops near the caster. Also grows tall grass and flowers on grass.
It was during the great winter of the third age that the ice mages discovered their true power.
Heals the caster by 2 hearts.
Heals the target by 2 and a half hearts.
Creates a zone of healing energy which regenerates the health of any ally inside it. Any undead inside the healing aura will slowly take damage.
Creates a floating spark which moves towards enemies.
"You shall be frozen for an eternity!"
Launches an ice charge which explodes on impact, freezing nearby creatures and releasing shards in all directions.
Fires a great spear of ice in the direction you are pointing which overpenetrates targets, damaging and freezing them in the process.