Arcane Workbench
Crystal Ore
Petrified Stone
Ice Statue
Crystal Flower
Snare
Stone of Transportation
Spectral Block
Block of Crystal
Magic Crystal
Magic Wand
Apprentice Wand
Advanced Wand
Master Wand
Spell Book
Tome of Arcana
Upgrades any %1$s
wand to %1$s tier
The Wizard's Handbook
by %1$s
+%1$s %2$s potency
Current Spell: %1$s
Mana: %1$s/%2$s
%1$s has been added to your list of allies
%1$s has been removed from your list of allies
Wand of Embers
Wand of Frost
Wand of Sparks
Wand of Shadows
Wand of the Forest
Wand of Mystery
Wand of Healing
Apprentice Pyromancer Wand
Apprentice Ice Mage Wand
Apprentice Storm Mage Wand
Apprentice Necromancer Wand
Apprentice Earth Mage Wand
Apprentice Sorcerer Wand
Apprentice Healer Wand
Wand of the Pyromancer
Wand of the Ice Mage
Wand of the Storm Mage
Wand of the Necromancer
Wand of the Earth Mage
Wand of the Sorcerer
Wand of the Healer
Master Pyromancer Wand
Master Ice Mage Wand
Master Storm Mage Wand
Master Necromancer Wand
Master Earth Mage Wand
Master Sorcerer Wand
Master Healer Wand
Spectral Sword
Spectral Pickaxe
Spectral Bow
Mana Flask
Wand Storage Upgrade
Wand Siphon Upgrade
Wand Condenser Upgrade
Wand Range Upgrade
Wand Duration Upgrade
Wand Cooldown Upgrade
Wand Blast Upgrade
Wand Attunement Upgrade
Flaming Axe
Frost Axe
Firebomb
Poison Bomb
Smoke Bomb
Blank Scroll
Scroll of %1$s
Scroll "%1$s"
Scroll of Identification
%1$sIdentifies an unknown
%1$sspell book or scroll
Nothing to identify!
Arcane Seal of Protection
%1$sUpgrades any wizard armour
%1$sto make it %2$slegendary
Magical Silk
Legendary
-%1$s %2$s cost
Mana: %1$s/%2$s
Wizard Hat
Wizard Robes
Wizard Leggings
Wizard Boots
Pyromancer Hat
Pyromancer Robes
Pyromancer Leggings
Pyromancer Boots
Ice Mage Hat
Ice Mage Robes
Ice Mage Leggings
Ice Mage Boots
Storm Mage Hat
Storm Mage Robes
Storm Mage Leggings
Storm Mage Boots
Necromancer Hat
Necromancer Robes
Necromancer Leggings
Necromancer Boots
Earth Mage Hat
Earth Mage Robes
Earth Mage Leggings
Earth Mage Boots
Sorcerer Hat
Sorcerer Robes
Sorcerer Leggings
Sorcerer Boots
Healer Hat
Healer Robes
Healer Leggings
Healer Boots
Spawn Wizard
Spawn Evil Wizard
Spectral Helmet
Spectral Chestplate
Spectral Leggings
Spectral Boots
%1$s's %2$s
Someone's %1$s
Zombie
Skeleton
Spider
Blaze
Ice Wraith
Lightning Wraith
Shadow Wraith
Spirit Wolf
Spirit Horse
Ice Giant
Phoenix
Wizard
Magical Slime
Silverfish
Storm Elemental
Wizard
Decoy
Magic
Magic
Magic
Magic
Magic
Magic
Magic
Magic
Magic
Magic
Magic
Magic
Magic
Magic
Magic
Magic
Magic
Magic
Magic
Magic
Magic
Magic
Magic
Black Hole
Shield
Meteor
Blizzard
Bubble
Tornado
Lightning Hammer
Arrow Rain
Healing Aura
Forcefield
Ring of Fire
Earthquake
Falling Grass
Hailstorm
Lightning Pulse
Wizardry
Spells
A Curious Crystal...
Mine a magic crystal
Arcane Initiate
Craft a magic wand with a gold nugget, a stick and a magic crystal
Wizard's Apprentice
Use a tome of arcana to upgrade your wand
Arcane Master
Obtain a master wand
Mage of All Trades
Cast every single spell in the game
Magic Dealing
Purchase an item from a wizard
Knowledge is Power
Purchase a master spell from a wizard
Not So Hot Now
Freeze a blaze solid
It's Gonna Blow
'Accidentally' charge a creeper
Frankenstein
Turn a pig into a zombie pigman using the lightning bolt spell
Arcane Tinkering
Apply a special upgrade to a wand
It's Magic, Bottled!
Craft a mana flask
Elemental
Obtain an elemental wand
Now You're a Proper Wizard
Craft and equip a full set of wizard armor
Legendary
Obtain a piece of legendary wizard armor
That Backfired
Get killed by your own magic
Not Again...
Ride a pig into a tornado
Jamming Session
Use the arcane jammer spell on a wizard
Sticky Situation
Engulf a skeleton in slime
You'll Regret That
Make a wizard angry
Righteousness
Defeat an evil wizard
Fully Equipped
Apply the maximum number of upgrades to a master wand
Element Mastery
Cast all the spells of any element
Arcane Appraisal
Use a scroll of identification to identify a spell book or scroll
You will now be returned here upon casting %1$s
You must make a circle with 8 stones of transportation first!
Arcane Workbench
Apply
Mana:
Applied Upgrades:
Novice
Apprentice
Advanced
Master
None
Fire
Ice
Lightning
Necromancy
Earth
Sorcery
Healing
Wizard
Pyromancer
Ice Mage
Storm Mage
Necromancer
Earth Mage
Sorcerer
Healer
Attack
Defense
Utility
Minion
%1$s has been disabled in the config
%1$s resisted %2$s
Discovered the spell %1$s!
Agility
Arc
Arcane Jammer
Arrow Rain
Banish
Black Hole
Blink
Blizzard
Bubble
Chain Lightning
Clairvoyance
Cobwebs
Conjure Armor
Conjure Bow
Conjure Pickaxe
Conjure Sword
Cure Effects
Curse of Soulbinding
Darkness Orb
Darkvision
Dart
Decay
Decoy
Detonate
Diamondflesh
Earthquake
Entrapment
Fireball
Firebolt
Firebomb
Fire Resistance
Fire Sigil
Fireskin
Firestorm
Flame Ray
Flaming Axe
Flaming Weapon
Flight
Font of Mana
Font of Vitality
Force Arrow
Forcefield
Force Orb
Forest's Curse
Freeze
Freezing Weapon
Frost Axe
Frost Ray
Frost Sigil
Glide
Greater Fireball
Greater Heal
Group Heal
Growth Aura
Hailstorm
Heal
Heal Ally
Healing Aura
Homing Spark
Ice Age
Ice Charge
Ice Lance
Ice Shard
Ice Shroud
Ice Spikes
Ice Statue
Ignite
Imbue Weapon
Intimidate
Invigorating Presence
Invisibility
Invoke Weather
Ironflesh
Leap
Levitation
Life Drain
Light
Lightning Arrow
Lightning Bolt
Lightning Disk
Lightning Hammer
Lightning Pulse
Lightning Ray
Lightning Sigil
Lightning Web
Magic Missile
Metamorphosis
Meteor
Mind Control
Mind Trick
[Empty Slot]
Oakflesh
Petrify
Phase Step
Plague of Darkness
Pocket Furnace
Pocket Workbench
Poison
Poison Bomb
Replenish Hunger
Ring of Fire
Shadow Ward
Shield
Shockwave
Silverfish Swarm
Sixth Sense
Slime
Smoke Bomb
Snare
Snowball
Spark Bomb
Spectral Pathway
Spider Swarm
Static Aura
Summon Blaze
Summon Ice Giant
Summon Ice Wraith
Summon Iron Golem
Summon Lightning Wraith
Summon Phoenix
Summon Shadow Wraith
Summon Skeleton
Summon Skeleton Legion
Summon Snow Golem
Summon Spirit Horse
Summon Spirit Wolf
Summon Storm Elemental
Summon Wither Skeleton
Summon Zombie
Telekinesis
Thunderbolt
Thunderstorm
Tornado
Transience
Transportation
Vanishing Box
Wall of Frost
Water Breathing
Whirlwind
Wither
Wither Skull
Grants the caster faster movement speed and greater jump height for 30 seconds.
Fires a spark of lightning at the target.
Prevents the target from using magic for 15 seconds.
"Archers, fire!"
Teleports the target against its will to a random location within a certain range.
Tear reality asunder.
Teleports the caster over a short distance to where they are pointing.
Creates a zone of swirling icy wind which slows and continually damages anything trapped inside. The caster is immune to the damage but is still slowed.
Fires a jet of bubbles which causes anything it hits to float upwards helplessly. The target will fall after a certain time or if it is damaged.
Fires a spark of lightning at the target, which then chains to additional targets up to twice.
Reveals the path to a remembered location. With this spell selected, sneak-right-click on a block to set the location. Cast this spell normally to reveal the path. The path will fade after 90 seconds.
Creates cobwebs where you are pointing, which greatly hamper the movement of any creatures caught amongst them. The cobwebs will vanish after 20 seconds or if broken.
Creates spectral armor around the caster which offers protection equal to that of iron armor. The armor lasts for 60 seconds. The caster must have an empty armor slot.
Creates a spectral bow with unlimited arrows that lasts for 30 seconds.
Creates a spectral pickaxe of equal strength to an iron pickaxe that lasts for 30 seconds.
Creates a spectral sword of equal strength to an iron sword that lasts for 30 seconds.
Removes all potion effects currently affecting the caster, good or bad.
Causes the target's soul to be inextricably bound to that of the caster, meaning all damage dealt to the caster is also dealt to the victim. Lasts until either the victim or the caster dies.
Fires a slow moving bolt of dark energy in the direction you are pointing, which withers whatever it hits.
Grants the caster night vision for 45 seconds.
Fires a dart in the direction you are pointing which damages and weakens its target.
Creates a patch of decay on the ground which infects any creature that touches it, causing lingering damage over time and spreading more decay wherever it walks.
Creates an illusory clone of the caster which tricks mobs into attacking it instead. The decoy will vanish after 30 seconds.
Causes an explosion where you are pointing, damaging all nearby creatures - including the caster, if they are too close.
"Your arrows are no match for me!"
A true master of earth magic can move mountains.
Traps the target in a sphere of darkness which pulls it helplessly upwards and continually damages it.
Launches a fireball in the direction you are pointing.
Shoots a jet of fire a short distance in front of you.
Lanches a firebomb in the direction you are pointing which explodes on impact, setting targets on fire.
Grants the caster fire resistance for 30 seconds.
Places a magical fire trap on the ground which damages and sets on fire the creature that triggers it.
Cloaks the caster in flames for 30 seconds, causing anything that attacks them to catch fire.
"I am the dragon."
Creates a stream of flames in the direction you are pointing which sets on fire and continually damages targets.
Creates a flaming axe which sets enemies on fire when hit. Lasts for 30 seconds.
Temporarily imbues the first weapon on the caster's hotbar with the power of flame, causing it to set fire to its victims. The magic wears off after 45 seconds.
Soar like an eagle.
"We were filled with an intense magical energy appearing to emanate from the centre of the..." - Extract from the journal of a forgotten mage; the rest of the page has been burnt away.
It feels amazing.
Shoots an arrow of force in the direction you are pointing.
Creates a forcefield around the caster which repels creatures and deflects projectiles.
Launches a sphere of force which damages and repels nearby creatures on impact.
"How dare you enter my forest!"
Freezes the target for 10 seconds. Will also freeze water and create snow on the ground.
Temporarily imbues the first weapon on the caster's hotbar with the power of frost, causing it to freeze its victims. The magic wears off after 45 seconds.
Creates a frozen axe which freezes enemies when hit. Lasts for 30 seconds.
Creates a stream of frost in the direction you are pointing which slows and continually damages targets.
Places a magical ice trap on the ground which damages and freezes the creature that triggers it.
Allows the caster to glide downwards while in the air and holding the use item button.
Launches a large fireball in the direction you are pointing which explodes on impact.
Heals the caster by 4 hearts.
Heals the caster and all nearby allies and summoned creatures by 3 hearts.
Grows all crops near the caster. Also grows tall grass and flowers on grass.
It was during the great winter of the third age that the ice mages discovered their true power.
Heals the caster by 2 hearts.
Heals the target by 2 and a half hearts.
Creates a zone of healing energy which regenerates the health of any ally inside it. Any undead inside the healing aura will slowly take damage.
Creates a floating spark which moves towards enemies.
"You shall be frozen for an eternity!"
Launches an ice charge which explodes on impact, freezing nearby creatures and releasing shards in all directions.
Fires a great spear of ice in the direction you are pointing which overpenetrates targets, damaging and freezing them in the process.
Fires a shard of ice in the direction you are pointing which damages and slows targets when hit.
Creates a shroud of cold around the caster for 30 seconds, causing anything that attacks them to be frozen.
Causes razor-sharp ice spikes to rise from the ground where you are pointing, skewering any creatures caught amongst them.
Freezes the target solid for 20 seconds or until broken out. The target cannot move or do anything while frozen but is also impervious to all damage.
Sets the target on fire for 10 seconds. Also works like a flint and steel.
Temporarily imbues the first weapon on the caster's hotbar with magic, rendering it more effective. The magic wears off after 45 seconds.
Emits an intimidating growl which causes nearby creatures to run away in fear. Fear stricken creatures will recover after 30 seconds.
Grants the caster and all nearby allies increased strength for 45 seconds.
Makes the caster invisible for 30 seconds.
Changes the weather in the world.
Greatly improves the caster's damage resistance for 30 seconds.
Causes the caster to jump upwards several blocks and slightly forward.
Raises the caster upwards while the use item button is held. Will also negate fall damage if used before hitting the ground.
Creates a stream of withering energy in the direction you are pointing which drains the life of the target and uses it to gradually regenerate your health.
Creates a magical point of light which illuminates the surrounding area. Lasts for 30 seconds.
Shoots an arrow of lightning in the direction you are pointing.
Causes lightning to strike where you are pointing.
Sends a disk of lightning flying off in the direction you are pointing, which seeks targets.
"I smite you by the wrath of the heavens!"
Charges the ground around the caster with lightning, damaging and repelling nearby creatures.
Creates a stream of lightning in the direction you are pointing which continually damages targets.
Places a magical lightning trap on the ground which damages the creature that triggers it and chains lightning to other nearby creatures.
"Focus. Channel the storm in your mind through your wand and unleash its fury."
Fires a bolt of magical energy in the direction you are pointing.
Changes the target into another form. Only works on some creatures.
Some wizards just want to see the world burn...
Takes control of the target's mind for 30 seconds, causing it switch sides and fight for the caster instead. Will not work on creatures that are too strong-willed.
Confuses and disorients the target for 15 seconds, rendering it unable to attack effectively. The effect will be dispelled if the target takes damage.
To get a spell book with the /give command, use metadata: /give [player] wizardry:spell_book 1 [spell id] (if you found this book in a chest, some other mod has messed things up).
Improves the caster's damage resistance for 30 seconds.
Turns the target to stone until broken out, with a chance for it to break out when it is dark. The target cannot move or do anything while petrified but is also impervious to all damage.
Teleports the caster through a 1 block thick wall in front of them. Range upgrades will increase the thickness you can teleport through.
The darkness will consume them all...
Smelts up to 5 smeltable items in the caster's inventory. Items on the hotbar will be smelted first.
Allows the caster to craft items as if they were at a crafting table.
Fires poison in the direction you are pointing.
Lanches a poison bomb in the direction you are pointing which explodes on impact, poisoning nearby creatures.
Replenishes the caster's food level by 6 hunger points.
Creates a ring of fire around the caster, damaging all nearby enemies and setting them on fire.
Creates a wall of darkness in front of the caster which causes half of all incoming damage to be inflicted upon the attacker instead.
Creates a protective barrier of force that blocks projectiles and magic. Also grants the caster a weak resistance effect.
Boom.
"Ahhhh! They're MULTIPLYING!"
Allows the caster to sense the locations of nearby creatures, even through walls, for 20 seconds.
Engulfs the target in slime which slows and continually damages it. The slime bursts after 10 seconds.
Launches a smoke bomb in the direction you are pointing which explodes on impact, releasing smoke and blinding nearby creatures for a short time.
Sets a trap on the ground which damages and briefly slows the creature that triggers it.
Launches a snowball in the direction you are pointing.
Launches a shock charge in the direction you are pointing which releases sparks at nearby enemies on impact.
Creates an indestructible magical bridge in front of you which extends for 15 blocks. The bridge vanishes after 60 seconds.
Summons a swarm of venomous spiders to fight for you. The spiders will disappear after 30 seconds or if they are killed.
Surrounds the caster with lightning for 30 seconds, firing a spark of lightning at anything that hits them.
Summons a blaze to fight for you. The blaze will disappear after 30 seconds or if it is killed.
"Smash them!"
Summons an ice wraith to fight for you. The ice wraith will disappear after 30 seconds or if it is killed.
Automatic automated autonomous automaton.
Summons a lightning wraith to fight for you. The lightning wraith will disappear after 30 seconds or if it is killed.
From the ashes...
Summons a shadow wraith to fight for you.
Summons a skeleton to fight for you. The skeleton will disappear after 30 seconds or if it is killed.
"Rise, undead army!"
Creates a snow golem to fight for you. Lasts until the snow golem dies.
Summons a spirit horse for you to ride. The spirit horse will vanish a short while after it is dismounted, or you can dismiss it by shift-right-clicking on it with any wand.
Summons a spirit wolf companion to fight for you. The spirit wolf will only disappear if it is killed, or you can dismiss it by shift-right-clicking on it with any wand.
"Storm Elemental: An ancient manifestation of the elements, it can hardly contain the raw power churning within it." - The Wizard's Guide to Arcane Beings, Volume II
Summons a wither skeleton to fight for you. The wither skeleton will disappear after 30 seconds or if it is killed.
Summons a zombie to fight for you. The zombie will disappear after 30 seconds or if it is killed.
Moves an item or other small object towards you, or right-clicks the block you are looking at. Can also be used to disarm players.
Shoots a bolt of thunder which knocks back targets.
"Mwahahahahahaha!"
Unleashes a tornado in the direction you are pointing which hurls anything in its path skywards.
Makes the caster transient for 20 seconds. The caster is immune to all damage while transient but cannot break or place blocks or cause any damage.
Transports the caster to their remembered stone circle. To use this spell, make a circle of stones of transportation, then right click it with a wand.
Grants the caster access to their ender chest storage.
Winter at your fingertips.
Allows the caster to breathe underwater for 60 seconds.
Causes the target to be blown upwards and away from you at speed.
Fires a ray of darkness which withers anything it touches.
Launches a wither skull in the direction you are pointing.
The rain begins to stop...
The heavens open...
Your remembered stone circle is missing or obstructed...
You must remember the location of a stone circle first!
Your remembered stone circle is in another dimension...
Searching...
The path revealed upon casting %1$s will now lead back to this point
Your remembered location is too far away or inaccessible...
You must remember a location first!
Your remembered location is in another dimension...
Frostbite
Fireskin
Ice Shroud
Static Aura
Transience
Decay
Sixth Sense
Arcane Jammer
Mind Trick
Mind Control
Font of Mana
Fear
Imbuement
Imbuement
Fire Imbuement
Frost Imbuement
Wizardry
Next Spell
Previous Spell
%1$s was killed by %2$s using magic
%1$s was killed by %2$s using magic
/%1$s <spell> [player] [damage multiplier] [range multiplier] [duration multiplier] [blast multiplier]
Successfully cast %1$s
Successfully cast %1$s; repeat the command to stop
Successfully cast %1$s as %2$s
Successfully cast %1$s as %2$s; repeat the command to stop
Unable to cast %1$s
There is no such spell with ID %1$s
/%1$s <player> [player]
%1$s has been added to %2$s's list of allies
%1$s has been removed from %2$s's list of allies
Players cannot be an ally of themselves!
You do not have permission to change other players' allies
/%1$s [player]
Players allied to you: %1$s
Players allied to %1$s: %2$s
You do not have permission to view other players' allies
None
/%1$s <spell/all/clear> [player]
There is no such spell with ID %1$s
Cleared all spell discovery data for %1$s
Added all spells to %1$s's spell discovery data
Added %1$s to %2$s's spell discovery data
Removed %1$s from %2$s's spell discovery data
Mod Options
Configure Spells
Select which spells are enabled
Spell Configuration
Set a spell to false to disable it.
Configure Resistances
Configure which mobs are immune to different types of magic
Resistance Configuration
See descriptions of individual options for more details.
Configure IDs
Change the IDs used by wizardry
ID Configuration
Change these IDs if they conflict with another mod.
Tower Rarity
Ore Dimensions
Flower Dimensions
Tower Dimensions
Spell Book Drop Chance
Generate Loot
Firebomb Is Craftable
Poison Bomb Is Craftable
Smoke Bomb Is Craftable
Use Alternate Scroll Recipe
Teleport Through Unbreakable Blocks
Show Summoned Creature Names
Friendly Fire
Telekinetic Disarmament
Discovery Mode
Enable Shift-Scrolling
Minion Revenge Targeting
Player Damage Scaling Factor
NPC Damage Scaling Factor
Cast Command Multiplier Limit
Summoned Creature Target Whitelist
Summoned Creature Target Blacklist
Spell HUD Position
Cast Spell Command Name
Discover Spell Command Name
Set Ally Command Name
View Allies Command Name
Mobs Immune To Fire
Mobs Immune To Ice
Mobs Immune To Lightning
Mobs Immune To Wither
Mobs Immune To Poison
Frost Potion ID
Transience Potion ID
Fireskin Potion ID
Ice Shroud Potion ID
Static Aura Potion ID
Decay Potion ID
Sixth Sense Potion ID
Arcane Jammer Potion ID
Mind Trick Potion ID
Mind Control Potion ID
Font of Mana Potion ID
Fear Potion ID
Magic Sword Enchantment ID
Magic Bow Enchantment ID
Flaming Weapon Enchantment ID
Freezing Weapon Enchantment ID
Rarity of wizard towers. Higher numbers are rarer. Set to 0 to disable wizard towers completely.
List of dimension ids in which crystal ore will generate. Note that removing the overworld (id 0) from this list will make the mod VERY difficult to play!
List of dimension ids in which crystal flowers will generate.
List of dimension ids in which wizard towers will generate.
The chance for mobs to drop a spell book when killed. The greater this number, the more often they will drop. Set to 0 to disable spell book drops. Set to 200 for guaranteed drops.
Whether to generate wizardry loot in dungeon chests.
Whether firebombs can be crafted or not.
Whether poison bombs can be crafted or not.
Whether smoke bombs can be crafted or not.
Whether to require a magic crystal in the shapeless crafting recipe for blank scrolls. Set to true if another mod adds a conflicting recipe.
Whether players are allowed to teleport through unbreakable blocks (e.g. bedrock) using the phase step spell.
Whether to show summoned creatures' names and owners above their heads.
Whether to allow players to damage their designated allies using magic.
Whether to allow players to disarm other players using the telekinesis spell. Set to false to prevent stealing of items.
For those who like a sense of mystery! When set to true, spells you haven't cast yet will be unreadable until you cast them (on a per-world basis). Has no effect when in creative mode. Spells of identification will be unobtainable in survival mode if this is false.
Whether you can switch between spells on a wand by scrolling with the mouse wheel while sneaking. Note that this will only affect you; other players connected to the same server obey their own settings.
Whether summoned creatures can revenge attack their owner if their owner attacks them.
Global damage scaling factor for the damage dealt by players casting spells, relative to 1.
Global damage scaling factor for the damage dealt by NPCs casting spells, relative to 1.
Upper limit for the multipliers passed into the /cast command. This is here to stop players from accidentally breaking a world/server. Large blast mutipliers can cause extreme lag - you have been warned!
List of names of entities which summoned creatures and wizards are allowed to attack, in addition to the defaults. Add mod creatures to this list if you want summoned creatures to attack them and they aren't already doing so. Entity names are not case sensitive. For mod entities, prefix with the mod ID (e.g. wizardry:Wizard).
List of names of entities which summoned creatures and wizards are specifically not allowed to attack, overriding the defaults and the whitelist. Add creatures to this list if allowing them to be attacked causes problems or is too destructive (removing creepers from this list is done at your own risk!). Entity names are not case sensitive. For mod entities, prefix with the mod ID (e.g. wizardry:Wizard).
The position of the spell HUD.
The name of the /cast command. This is what you type directly after the /; for example if this was set to 'magic' then instead of typing /cast you would type /magic instead.
The name of the /discoverspell command. This is what you type directly after the /; for example if this was set to 'magic' then instead of typing /discoverspell you would type /magic instead.
The name of the /ally command. This is what you type directly after the /; for example if this was set to 'magic' then instead of typing /ally you would type /magic instead.
The name of the /allies command. This is what you type directly after the /; for example if this was set to 'magic' then instead of typing /allies you would type /magic instead.
List of names of entities that are immune to fire, in addition to the defaults. Add mod creatures to this list if you want them to be immune to fire magic and they aren't already. Entity names are not case sensitive. For mod entities, prefix with the mod ID (e.g. wizardry:Wizard).
List of names of entities that are immune to ice, in addition to the defaults. Add mod creatures to this list if you want them to be immune to ice magic and they aren't already. Entity names are not case sensitive. For mod entities, prefix with the mod ID (e.g. wizardry:Wizard).
List of names of entities that are immune to lightning, in addition to the defaults. Add mod creatures to this list if you want them to be immune to lightning magic and they aren't already. Entity names are not case sensitive. For mod entities, prefix with the mod ID (e.g. wizardry:Wizard).
List of names of entities that are immune to wither effects, in addition to the defaults. Add mod creatures to this list if you want them to be immune to withering magic and they aren't already. Entity names are not case sensitive. For mod entities, prefix with the mod ID (e.g. wizardry:Wizard).
List of names of entities that are immune to poison, in addition to the defaults. Add mod creatures to this list if you want them to be immune to poison magic and they aren't already. Entity names are not case sensitive. For mod entities, prefix with the mod ID (e.g. wizardry:Wizard).
The ID of the frost potion effect. Change if this conflicts with another mod.
The ID of the transience potion effect. Change if this conflicts with another mod.
The ID of the fireskin potion effect. Change if this conflicts with another mod.
The ID of the ice shroud potion effect. Change if this conflicts with another mod.
The ID of the static aura potion effect. Change if this conflicts with another mod.
The ID of the decay potion effect. Change if this conflicts with another mod.
The ID of the sixth sense potion effect. Change if this conflicts with another mod.
The ID of the arcane jammer potion effect. Change if this conflicts with another mod.
The ID of the mind trick potion effect. Change if this conflicts with another mod.
The ID of the mind control potion effect. Change if this conflicts with another mod.
The ID of the font of mana potion effect. Change if this conflicts with another mod.
The ID of the fear potion effect. Change if this conflicts with another mod.
The ID of the magic sword enchantment. Change if this conflicts with another mod.
The ID of the magic bow enchantment. Change if this conflicts with another mod.
The ID of the flaming weapon enchantment. Change if this conflicts with another mod.
The ID of the freezing weapon enchantment. Change if this conflicts with another mod.
%1$s, %2$s, %3$s