Fission Configs
Configure aspects of nuclear fission.
Power Gen Multiplier
Modifies the power generated by fission reactors.
Fuel Use Multiplier
Modifies the rate of fuel used by fission reactors.
Heat Gen Multiplier
Modifies the heat generated by fission reactors.
Cooling Rates
Base heat removed per tick. Order: water, iron, redstone, quartz, obsidian, nether brick, glowstone, lapis, gold, prismarine, slime, end stone, purpur, diamond, emerald, copper, tin, lead, boron, lithium, magnesium, manganese, aluminum, silver, fluorite, villiaumite, carobbiite, arsenic, liquid nitrogen, liquid helium, enderium, cryotheum.
Enable Meltdowns
Can fission reactors overheat?
Enable Explosions
Will fission reactors explode when they overheat?
Meltdown Radiation Multiplier
Modifies the radiation leaked by meltdowns.
Minimum Structure Length
Minimum side length of fission structures.
Maximum Structure Length
Maximum side length of fission structures.
Max Comparator Signal Heat
Percentage heat level of a fission reactor at which a comparator adjacent to the controller will output a full-strength redstone signal.
Force Heat Comparator
If enabled, the controller of a heat-negative or heat-neutral reactor will output a heat-based comparator signal as if it were heat-positive instead of an energy-based one.
Fission Sound Volume
Modifier for the volume of fission sound effects.
Moderator Power Modifier
*Only effects new mechanics.* Determines the extra power generated by each moderator block adjacent to a reactor cell. Equal to the effective number of extra cell's worth of power that would be generated by a cell totally surrounded by moderator blocks. Each moderator block will contribute one sixth of this amount of power (the amount of additional power scales linearly with the number of moderator blocks).
Moderator Heat Modifier
*Only effects new mechanics.* Determines the extra heat generated by each moderator block adjacent to a reactor cell. Equal to the effective number of extra cell's worth of heat that would be generated by a cell totally surrounded by moderator blocks. Each moderator block will contribute one sixth of this amount of heat (the amount of additional heat scales linearly with the number of moderator blocks).