Steel Turbine Rotor Blade
Extreme Alloy Turbine Rotor Blade
SiC-SiC CMC Turbine Rotor Blade
Efficiency Multiplier: %s
Expansion Coefficient: %s
Used to convert the energy of the oncoming fluid flow into rotational energy in the rotor shaft. The expansion coefficient is larger than unity, so the volume of the fluid flow will increase each time it passes through a set. Must be placed in complete sets of four coplanar groups extending from the turbine shaft to the wall. Each blade block can process up to %s of oncoming fluid.
Turbine Rotor Stator
Expansion Coefficient: %s
Used to increase the density of the oncoming fluid flow, which can increase the efficiency of the turbine by counteracting overexpansion generated by sets of rotor blades. Must be placed in complete sets of four coplanar groups extending from the turbine shaft to the wall.
Turbine Rotor Bearing
Connects the rotor shaft to the turbine wall and dynamo. Must cover the full area of each end of the shaft. Dynamo coils are attached to the bearings; connecting at least as many coils as bearing blocks at each end will avoid efficiency penalties.
Magnesium Turbine Dynamo Coil
Beryllium Turbine Dynamo Coil
Aluminum Turbine Dynamo Coil
Gold Turbine Dynamo Coil
Copper Turbine Dynamo Coil
Silver Turbine Dynamo Coil
Conductivity Multiplier:
Turbine Dynamo Coil Connector
Turbine Fluid Inlet
Turbine Fluid Outlet
Turbine Computer Port (WIP)
Used to access the turbine via OpenComputers.
Cobblestone Generator
Compact Cobblestone Generator
Dense Cobblestone Generator
Produces %s constantly if supplied %s.
Produces %s constantly.
Cobblestone
Infinite Water Source
Compact Infinite Water Source
Dense Infinite Water Source
Produces %s of water constantly.
Nitrogen Collector
Compact Nitrogen Collector
Dense Nitrogen Collector
Produces %s of nitrogen constantly.
Radiation Scrubber
Reduces the radiation level of the chunk it is placed in. Its effectiveness depends on the amount of free space around it, removing a maximum of %s of the radiation in its chunk at %s efficiency. The collective contribution from all scrubbers in the chunk will stack linearly. The efficiency and required power depends on the rad-clearing agent being used