Spawn biomes
Fox spawn biome configuration.
Compatibility
Cross-mod compatibility settings.
General settings
Miscellaneous config settings.
Block searching
Block searching AI configuration.
Attacker item stealing
Item stealing AI configuration.
Common biomes
List of biomes that foxes should be common spawns in.
Common biome types
List of biome dictionary types that foxes should be common spawns in.
The One Probe compatibility
Should extra data be added to The One Probe tooltips when looking at foxes?
WAILA/HWYLA compatibility
Should extra data be added to WAILA/HWYLA tooltips when looking at foxes?
Immune tools
Item ID names that contain any of these keys will be unable to hurt your tame foxes.
Logging enabled
Should errors/warnings be sent to the log file?
Obstruction check depth
How many blocks away should the search AI check for unbreakable obstructions?
Helper particles
Should particles be used to indicate block seach status?
Rare biomes
List of biomes that foxes should be rare spawns in.
Rare biome types
List of biome dictionary types that foxes should be rare spawns in.
Item aliases
List of item-to-block aliases; read the config file for syntax and warnings!
Search enabled
Is block searching enabled?
Search interval
The time, in ticks, between block searches.
Block blacklist
List of blocks that foxes should be disallowed from searching for.
Block blacklist is whitelist
Use "block blacklist" as a whitelist instead?
Random fail chance
The probability that a block search will fail to detect blocks even if some are in range.
Search range
The distance, in blocks, that the fox should search away from itself.
Pathfinder waypoints
The number of waypoints to use in search pathfinding AI.\nRequires save & quit to change!
Sitting AI override
Should sitting foxes ignore their owner being attacked?
Aggro chance
The probability that stealing will cause the target to aggro on the fox.
Steal armor
Should foxes be able to steal armor as well as held items?
Stealing enabled
Is item stealing enabled?
Entities blacklist
List of entities that foxes should be disallowed from stealing items from.
Entities blacklist is whitelist
Use "entities blacklist" as a whitelist instead?
Items blacklist
List of items that foxes should be disallowed from stealing.
Items blacklist is whitelist
Use "items blacklist" as a whitelist instead?
Maximum damage
The maximum percent damage a stolen item will be dealt. Set to 0 to disable.
Minimum damage
The minimum percent damage a stolen item will be dealt.
Minumum health
The minimum health the fox must have to attempt a steal.
Steal from players
Should foxes be able to steal from players?
Block state tags
The block state properties that a search must match to succeed.
Taming odds
Each raw rabbit has a one-in-this chance of taming a fox.
Fox
Fox trills
Fox sniffs
Fox steals
Fox hurts
Fox dies