Void metal Block
Wood Hammer
Stone Hammer
Iron Hammer
Gold Hammer
Diamond Hammer
Copper Hammer
Tin Hammer
Nickel Hammer
Electrum Hammer
Silver Hammer
Lead Hammer
Bronze Hammer
Platinum Hammer
Invar Hammer
Steel Hammer
Dark Hammer
Thaumium Hammer
Void Hammer
Hammer of The Core
Manasteel Hammer
Elementium Hammer
Clockwork Dawnstone Hammer
Bound Hammer
Sentient Hammer
Bedrock Hammer
HSLA Hammer
Borked Hammer
Soulforged Steel Hammer
Living Hammer
Chameleon Hammer
Durability
Phase
Mines in 3x3 (unless sneaking)
Places torches from inventory with right click
<Hold Shift>
<Hold CTRL>
Consumes mana instead of taking damage if possible
Doesn't drop "junk" while mining
Your Soul Network is Weak!
Borked Hammer in Recipe is Diamond Hammer!
Hammermancy
Hammer of the Core
[HZ] Even More Purifying Heat
By infusing a Thaumium Hammer with a Pickaxe of the Core, you have created a hammer that holds its power; native clusters will be plentiful!<BR>Prospecting is possible if you're sneaky, but wailing a hammer sideways takes a toll on its durability.<BR>Wield with pride Thaumaturger!
Thaumium Hammer
Hammers too can experience the taste of Thaumaturgical manipulation; assembling whole blocks of Thaumium allow you to create a superior mining tool. Mine with the strength of an apprentice Thaumaturge as you journey.<BR>Should the powers that gleam within the metal smile upon you, an enchanted Thaumium Hammer can potentially get Repair.
[HZ] Hammers Can Feel Magic Too!?
By all things Eldritch! What is this?, a hammer which automatically repairs itself? It is not without side effect though, minor Warp will accompany you while mining.<BR>Don't get carried away, while indeed self-repairing, even the eldritch powers of the void can only keep up with so much.
Void Hammer
[HZ] It Does Feel A Tad Cold...
Manasteel Hammer
The &1Manasteel Hammer&0 has the ability to mine blocks in a 3x3 pattern. It can also place a torches from you're inventory upon right click. If possible it will attempt to consume mana instead of durability if there is a source in your inventory; it will repair itself if you do add a source of mana later but at a higher cost.
Manasteel Hammer recipe
Elementium Hammer
The &dElementium Hammer&0 functions exactly in the same fashion as the &1Manasteel Hammer&0 with the added benefit of not dropping any "junk" while mining, junk being drops like Netherrack and Cobblestone. Keep your inventory clean, start using an Elementium Hammer today!
Elementium Hammer recipe