modifies the amount of seed oil squeezed from a single seed. other sources are based off this.
modifies the amount of juice squeezed from a single apple. other sources are based off this.
modifies the chance of mulch per squeezed apple.
Enable the clockwork engine.
Redstone Flux
Enable Redstone Flux power support.
MJ
Enable MJ power support.
Tesla
Enable Tesla power support.
Power Display Mode
The format power will be displayed in in engine/machine interfaces.
Enabled machines.
List of enabled machines. Note that some things may be impossible to do if you change this!
New custom bee name
New custom tree name
Forest Drone
New Dark Oak Pollen Name
New custom bee species name
New custom tree species name
New Forest drone species name when used in a beealyzer
New Dark Oak pollen species name when used in a treealyzer
New custom adjective
New custom adjective for slowest worker speed, replacing forestry.allele.slowest
New custom adjective for slowest flower pollination, replacing forestry.allele.slowest
New custom adjective for low yield, replacing forestry.allele.low
Slowest Worker
Chestnut Stairs
Kapok Wood Planks
Wenge Wood Slab
Mahogany Wood
Larch Fence
Place Forestry Frames in an Apiary to improve the bees' production rate and reduce the genetic decay of Ignoble bees.
Pieces of the Apiarist's Suit protect the wearer from negative bee effects. A full suit offers complete protection.
The Habitat Locator searches for the closest ideal habitat for a bee. When it has located a spot, it will point the way there. When the current location is ideal, it will spin steadily.
The Scoop is used to break bee hives found in the world, it will collect the bees inside. It can also be used to catch butterflies by right-clicking them.
Creative-only. Creates hybrid bees of any type.
Used to infuse Mead with Pollen Clusters and create Curative Mead.
Circuit Boards can be fitted with Electron Tubes by using a Soldering Iron. Once complete, they can be placed in the sockets on machine guis. Use a Soldering Iron to remove them from a socket.