Block Writer
Real
Triple
One Third
Quintuple
One Fifth
Northeast
Southeast
Southwest
Northwest
Waxing Day
Waning Day
Waxing Night
Waning Night
Orange
Lime
Citrus
Pink
Dark Gray
Baby Blue
Vanilla
Energistics
Plenty
Botany
Ender
Utility
Engineering
Tool
Construct
Thaumaturgy
Thermal
Twilight
Real
Triple
Third
Quintuple
Fifth
Symbol "%1$s" successfully saved to disk.
Symbol "%1$s" was not saved to disk.
Hold SHIFT to view tooltips.
General
Grammar
Block
Symbol ID
Poem
Card Rank
Grammar Rules
Base Instability
Exposed Instability
Properties
The ResourceLocation of this symbol. Make it unique and easy to understand.
The words of the Narayani poem, starting at the top and moving clockwise.
The categories this block can be used in and their ranks used to determine how likely they are be be randomly chosen. All blocks are automatically added to the category §6mystcraft:blockany§f. Leaving a rank blank means the category is still valid, but it will never be chosen for you.
The loot ranking of this symbol. Leave blank to keep this symbol from appearing as loot. Otherwise, type an integer greater than or equal to 0. The larger the integer, the less likely it is a symbol will appear as loot. Mystcraft generally doesn't go higher than 4.
The instability added to a Mystcraft dimension for every occurence of this block over its "normal" frequency in the Overworld. For reference, coal ore is 1.0, lapis ore is 1.0, iron ore is 1.0, emerald ore is 2.0, redstone ore is 2.0, gold ore is 4.0, crystal is 4.0, glowstone is 4.0, nether quartz ore is 4.0, and diamond ore is 20.0.
The instability added to a Mystcraft dimension for every occurence of this block close to air. For reference, coal ore is 5.0, lapis ore is 5.0, iron ore is 60.0, emerald ore is 200.0, redstone ore is 250.0, gold ore is 750.0, crystal is 20.0, glowstone is 50.0, nether quartz ore is 20.0, and diamond ore is 4000.0.
The properties that define this blockstate. If you think a property value is missing, it is probably a different block. (For example, Oak and Birch Wood are minecraft:log, but Acacia and Dark Oak Wood are minecraft:log2.