Fire Wrist Crossbow
Werewolf
Deee Syft
Enchanted Skeleton
Enaria
Ghastly Enaria
Splinter Drone
Splinter Drone Projectile
Enchanted Frog
Artwork
Iron Bolt
Silver Bolt
Wooden Bolt
Igneous Bolt
Star Metal Bolt
Projectile
Projectile
Self
AOE
An Unbreakable Covenant
whoops
None
I have recently signed this very journal in my own blood. From what I've seen so far from working with it, it appears to be otherworldly in origin. It also appears that I am the only one who can read it. I suspect that the notes I write in it are stored in an extra-dimensional location and then projected into my mind when I look at the pages. I further suspect that if I were to lose track of this journal, I could just look for a replacement and it would still contain all of my original notes and research. I have decided to organize my research in different sections based on relevance. I am certain that new opportunities will open themselves to me as I uncover more information. I can also return to the research tree by clicking the bookmark below. Additionally, I can run into others' research in the wilderness. This will take the form of research scrolls. Simply finding these scrolls and reading them will let me copy their notes into my own journal. Sometimes, there will be multiple multiple parts to a scroll and it will be labelled as such eg: part seven of nine. Sometimes, there may be stories or histories coming in multiple volumes which also contain hints for future researches.
Enchanted Skeleton
great prank material
The enchanted skeletons I found in the underground dungeon appear to drop enchanted bones. These bones shake and quiver when placed close together in my hands... maybe I could experiment a little and drop them together on the ground somewhere?
I just witnessed a pile of bones become animated. While enchanted skeletons do not do a lot of damage and appear simple to kill, they recombine after being killed and re-animate like zombies. I should try to contain the enchanted bones separately to keep them from combining. As far as I can tell, the bones are not useful for anything except bonemeal. I have also collected all the other dye recipes here for reference.