Blade of Exhumation
recycling your enemies
I have just witnessed an enchanted skeleton reform from a pile of bones. I should kill it again to see if it stays dead... undead... or whatever.
I have devised a sword specifically for fighting enchanted skeletons. When they die normally, they drop three bones and seeing as they require 4 bones to reform, I have to fight them over and over. For example, if I were to kill one hundred enchanted skeletons, seventy-five would reform. If I killed seventy-five of them, fifty-six would reform and so on. This blade ensures a one-shot kill on enchanted skeletons and makes them drop 4 bones, meaning I can easily use it to grind enchanting levels until the sword runs out of charge. The sword can be crafted with a single diamond to recharge it. The sword contains enough energy for one hundred fifty uses and after that, it becomes inert until recharged.
Crossbow
werewolf hunter
None
The journal I have recently discovered appears to contain the instructions to construct a crossbow as well as several types of bolts. I am certain more uses for this crossbow will unveil themselves in the future.
Wrist Crossbow
the night hunter
The crossbow is clunky and large. Every time into the fray I charge. It just slows me down an' I take a poundin' while the bow I try to recharge. It is extraordinarily bad, and it always makes me quite mad. I wish it was better. It just seems like a fetter. I'd run faster, but I'm iron clad. I just wish it wasn't so useless! This really is killing my hubris. To thy own self me true. Yes, people like you! Oh piss off you old man Confucius! The crossbow just needs an upgrade. With someone, maybe I could trade. Except not a village, the last one I pillaged, and they always need to be paid.
Evidently, someone else shared my opinions on the uselessness of the crossbow and has invented an interesting solution. They have made the crossbow wrist mounted, leaving the reloading to a spring-loaded mechanism. This change will allow me to hold a weapon or tool while still firing projectiles on a short cool down. Now I'd better steal this person's notes and potions before they get back...