Werewolf Examination
by your skin on their teeth
I have noticed several monstrous wolves around the countryside. They look extremely dangerous, but I cannot resist getting a closer look at them! They exist in abundance in Eerie forests, which is the first place I should start looking for them.
My encounter with the large wolves almost ended in my own death. From what I saw, I can determine that they are extremely hardy and almost impervious to conventional weapons. For now I should avoid them until I can find some... unconventional ways of killing them.
Astronomy 1
not astrology
I have failed to kill the wolves. Science has failed to deliver rational answers to the source of their power. I will have to use unorthodox methods if I want to survive. I think that I should construct a telescope and take it to a high place so I can see through the clouds. Perhaps the stars can provide answers to this problem which is clearly not of this world.
Success! My attempts at astrology and divination have yielded scientific answers! I spotted several types of meteors falling through the night sky. I think that if I follow these to their crash locations, I can discover useful materials.
Astral Silver
silver of the moon
I have noticed a meteor in my telescope. I should track one down with my telescope and sextant.
I have finished tracking down a meteor. Its composition is a material similar to elemental silver. It can be made into a sword, which seems to be about as effective as an iron sword. Its main characteristic is that it deals massive damage to werewolves. It can also be made into crossbow bolts, which share the sword's ability to harm werewolves where nothing else seems to work.
Optics
eye spy
My first attempt at creating a telescope was only a partial success. I can see meteors in the telescope but the lenses are blurry and it's challenging to accurately predict the drop location. I've heard of astronomers building observatories in hilly areas, I should search them for equipment.