Fantastic, these astronomers were researching various lenses to more accurately predict the drop locations of meteors. I can use their lens cutter to turn glass blocks into lenses for use in crafting a better telescope. I have also studied the internals of the lens cutter so I can create one myself.
Elvovras
legend
The observatory mentions notes about a legendary "Elvovras" who created telescopes with unrivaled accuracy. I should search different observatories for traces of these telescopes.
I have found one of Elvovras' legendary telescopes. This telescope will allow me to perfectly predict the drop location of meteors.
Slaying of the Wolves
Warwick OP
Now that I have access to weapons which can actually hurt werewolves, I should endeavor to kill one using an astral silver sword.
Now that I have managed to kill a werewolf, I should endeavor to collect its blood. The blood of a creature this powerful must have some magical properties which merit studying in greater depth. If I have empty glass bottles with me at the time that I slay a werewolf, I can gather a portion of its blood.
Phylactery of Souls
Is this worse than murder?
If my ideas are correct regarding werewolves' regenerative powers, then I should be able to make my next creation using a portion of their blood.
My theory was correct! Werewolves are immortal! Even if killed, they will simply regenerate somewhere else in the land. This must be part of the reason they are so powerful; some werewolves could be ancient and very intelligent! The blood of a werewolf traps the creatures soul, making it unable to die. Even if its body is destroyed, its soul will be unable to pass on and will instead be forced into a new body. This begs the question: who is controlling the werewolves? Who is cursing them to forever wander in their beast form, unable to die? Anyways, I can use the soul trapping properties of werewolf blood to trap the souls of other creatures. By constructing a bottle or flask of the most valuable crystal and diamond and filling it with werewolf blood, I can create the phylactary of souls. When it's in my hotbar and I kill a creature, it binds to the soul type of that creature. Every kill made on the same creature type will steal more pieces of the creatures' souls, until enough fragments have been gathered to form an entire soul. Once enough kills have been made, the phylactery will turn blue and transparent and can be used to summon one of the same creature type every so often, effectively providing an endless supply of whatever creature I can repeatedly slay. I already know that elder guardians, ender dragons, and withers all have souls much too powerful to be captured in this method. If I want to clear a flask's memory I can craft it together with werewolf blood.