Cloak of Agility
kiting fo' dayz
I've heard tales of witches brewing up potions and infusing their effects into clothes. I should search their huts in Eerie biomes.
I have discovered old notes which describe how to make a cloak of agility. Adding this fantastic cape to my wardrobe will allow me to dash and roll around like a demonic hedgehog on bad acid. The cloak of agility's utter fabulousness should allow me to dash every few seconds to dodge whatever attacks come my way.
Void Chest
enderchests for people
All this meteor searching has lead me to notice strange buildings in the surrounding area, one of which has the appearance of a chest.
After travelling through the massive underground chest, I think I have a clue as to how it works. If my theory is correct, it basically functions as a massive enderchest for people. I have devised a much smaller version of the large void chest. My newest creation is the same size as a regular chest. When opened, it will suck in the one who lifted its lid and draw them inside itself. If the void chest is destroyed, it can simply be replaced by another one without anything inside being lost, similar to an ender chest. The first person who activates a void chest will be its owner until it is broken, meaning unwanted guests cannot enter. However, if I want to enable a friend to visit the inside of my chest, I simply right click the void chest with a name tag that has the name of the friend on it. Trying to add a friend when they are already added will instead remove them. All void chests owned by one person will lead to the same location. Void chests owned by one person do not share a friend list and breaking a void chest will reset the owner and delete all friends on that particular chest.
Eldritch Decoration
only the worst abominations would... decorate
None
After examining the void chest, I am certain that I can replicate some of the building blocks. These blocks serve no purpose besides decoration. Maybe now I can make a scale model of the profane city R'lyeh. Ph'nglui mglw'nafh Cthulhu R'lyeh wgah'nagl fhtagn! Cthulhu fhtagn! Cthulhu fhtagn! Yeah good luck pronouncing that.