Dark Forest
cults can be fun
Despite my successes with astral silver, there is reason to be wanting more. I know there must be more advanced methods of combating werewolves and the undead legions. I recall once reading about areas in the world where strange energies caused trees to grow extraordinarily tall and twisted. I should visit one of these locations to perhaps enhance the quality of my astral silver tools. I should look for these forests in flat areas.
It seems that I am not the first person to have the idea to explore this place. I found a small, yet deserted compound within the dark forest. I cannot shake this eerie feeling of doom this place gives me.
Sleeping Potion
they drank the kool-aid
I've recently visited an abandoned house in a forest. It looks like it was previously inhabited by some cult or other. Where did they go? They left plenty of white clothes behind along with other strange items. I've heard before that some cult leaders will poison their followers by contaminating their drinking water somehow and thus turning a cult into a mass suicide cult. Maybe I could test the water springs around the dark forest house. Either way, I should bring a filled water bottle there to see what happens.
This was most unexpected. Simply having a water bottle in the dark forest house will turn it into a sleeping potion of some kind. When drunk, it makes the consumer drowsy and more willing to sleep in a bed. I want to take a nap.
Nightmare
I see Them every night
The house inside of the dark forest makes my eyelids heavy with sleep. This drowsyness makes me able to sleep at any time. I wonder what my dreams would be like if I slept while under these effects?
I woke up in my own dreams on an island floating nowhere. Red fogs and mists swirled around me. This place is insanity itself. I can almost feel my thoughts degrading from the oppressive atmosphere. Although I wish for nothing else but to leave, I know that I must stay and search for whatever treasure I may find here.