Insanity
gibbering madness
I can sense great power in my dreams. I know there is important information hidden here. I should continue searching until I find it.
I have seen things, things that were not meant for the eyes of men. These things make my vision fog and my mind cloud. I don't want to see them. I don't want to see them. Shut up! Shut up! Leave me alone! MEANS: A moment before the dawn now and not there was a strife amongst the barely a linear curve teem
Vitae 1
The Colour of Magic
I need to search my nightmare more.
I have discovered a mystical substance which I have named vitae. Vitae is an energy that can exist inside or outside of creatures. It can be tapped to power various functions, although I don't know of any. Every creature has a quantity of vitae inside of them. If that level were to go too high, the energy would run rampant and expend itself on random effects, some of them deadly. Vitae appears to be able to also exist inside of non-organic objects.
Astronomy 2
OP incoming
I can sense great power in my dreams. I know there is important information hidden here. I should continue searching until I find it.
I have found what I was searching for in my dreams. I now know how to track two new types of meteors using my telescope.
Igneous
totally not a sunfire cape
I have tracked a new type of meteor. I should find it and see what materials reside within.
I have discovered strange gems inside of a meteor. I have named the gems sunstones for their warm feeling and vibrant colors. Sunstones can be combined with diamonds to create igneous gems, powerful crystals which contain trapped elemental fire within their latices. Igneous gems burn their holder severely, so caution must be taken handling them. I should invest in a good fire blanket... If igneous gems are gathered, they can be crafted into igneous armor, a powerful suit which renders the user impervious to damage from fire and resistant to lava. In addition, when wearing a full suit of igneous armor, the armor lights any attackers on fire, regardless of the attacks being ranged or physical. It will also knock attackers back making it an excellent tool against quick mobs. Igneous gems can also be made into a sword which lights enemies on fire. Striking enemies builds up a magical charge. When the sword is at maximum charge, it glows with latent energy. When energized, it can unleash a flaming tempest with a right click. It should also be noted that igneous crossbow bolts will deal massive damage to werewolves.