Upgraded Potentials
Reduces XP cost in anvil enchanting.
Natural Blocking
When wielding a shield, The Shield will naturally block a percentage of damage taken. This damage is dealt on the shield instead of the wielder.
Brutality
Damage dealt against armor/s worn by entities is increased.
Cryogenic
Burning Shield
Reflects a portion of damage done by attackers while burning them. Doesn't negate shield disabling attacks.
Inner Berserk
Increases the damage the user deals the more the lower the user's health is.
Curse of Vulnerability
Amplifies the user's damage taken.
Rune: Sealed Curses 
Attacks gives a chance to enchant a curse enchantment to the attacked entity if they have worn equipment.
Curse of Inaccuracy
Curses the user in their attacks, causing melee attacks to miss and launching arrows from bow to be inaccurate.
Dark Shadows
Attacks deal extra damage if both user and the target is on dim areas. Level III and above applies blindness.
Rune: Arrow Piercing
Arrows now pierce against armor. 
Curse Amplifier
Amplifies the curses the user currently has.
Ancient Sealed Curses
An ancient enchantment that causes attacks to curse the held and worn equipment/s of an entity.
Curse of Holding
Curses a player if it is holding this item. Does not curse entities for technical reasons like decreasing TPS in a server.
Curse of Decay
Curses an item to decay very fast if left in the ground.
Light Weight
The user (must be a player) jumps higher. Minimum requirement for taking fall damage is extended.
Luck Magnification
The user (must be a player) is subjected to luck amplification.
Unreasonable
Destroys the reasoning of an entity, making it mad at random entities nearby it.
Evasion
Grants the user a chance to evade attacks. If the attack is evaded, the user performs a jump-like action (can be disabled in the config).
Instability
A form of curse that increases the damage of a tool the lower the durability it has. The tool suffers by taking damage proportional to the damage it inflicted.