Maximum Y level distance for entities until they are no longer displayed.
Render compass letters (N, E, S, W) over the on-map waypoints.,
Toggle On-map Waypoints
Entity Name Tags
Info Text Alignment
Center
Left
Right
Show View Angles
Display entity name under the dot for entities that have a name tag.
The command used for waypoints teleportation if a server-specific command is not set in the waypoints menu Options screen.
One-by-one
All
Compass
Cave Maps Depth
Reset
Main Entity As
Arrow
Dot
Crosshair
Unable to teleport because it would tell you the waypoint coordinates. Disable "Hide Waypoint Coords" to be able to freely teleport again.
Hide Waypoint Coords
Show
Hide
Teleport Anyway
Shows you the coordinates!
Render All Waypoint Sets
Global
Local
Arrow Opacity
Maximum render distance for local waypoints. Global waypoints are not affected.
Add Sub-World Connection
Delete Sub-World Connection
Connect/disconnect selected sub-world to/from the current "auto" one. Only connect sub-worlds that are from the same world save. For example, if a vanilla Nether portal takes you from sub-world A to sub-world B, then you can connect them. Sub-worlds connected to your current one are always at the top of the list and are marked by a * symbol.
Would you like to create the following connection between sub-worlds?
Would you like to delete the following connection between sub-worlds?
You are trying to teleport to a sub-world which isn't connected to the current "auto" one. If you are sure that this sub-world is from the same sub-server/world save, then you can enable teleportation by adding a connection in the waypoints menu -> Options -> Add Sub-World Connection. However, if you connect unrelated sub-worlds and teleport, then you might suffocate in a block or die from fall damage, so don't do that.
Ignore Server Heightmaps
Some servers put custom values in the world heightmaps, which can cause incorrectly rendered maps. Sometimes it can even happen in heavily modded singleplayer worlds. This option should fix such issues at the expense of a bit of performance. Do not use unless you need to. Reenter the world after toggling the option!